The problem of Japan’s low birthrate


Introduction
	Low birthrate in Japan is very serious problem in Japan. However, there are many people who don’t think it is serious. Japan has a large population. There are about 128 million in Japan and 336 people per square kilometer. This number exceeds the number of India (Gould, 2013). Therefore, Japan is said to reduce the number of people because this situation is not good for environment. People need food, places which they can live and electricity which is necessary for people’s live. Most of them are damaging for environment, so large population have to be solved quickly. 
However, Japanese low birthrate is very serious problem. It will cause bad effects. The low birthrate means that there are not enough babies being born to replace the people who die (Gould, 2013). Japan’s population is getting smaller, so if this situation continues, Japan’s economy will decline. Part of Japan’s economic power comes from its population size. Large population can make large number of products to sell, but small population can make few products and bring in less money from exports. Not only economic but also Japanese inside will be affected. A lower population means fewer customers for companies in Japan. In addition, if there are fewer people of working age, they will have to pay high taxes to help older people like pension fund. If this situation continues, Japan’s pension system will not survive. 
The origin of this problem caused from baby boom. In 1945, there were 70 million people in Japan, but by 1945 the population increased 122 million (Gould, 2013). Because of this, Japan has large population of old people now. Japan’s expectancy is the highest number than any other countries. Therefore, the reason the population is not increasing is because of Japan’s low fertility rate. To stay Japan’s population, women need to have an average of just over two children. Japan’s population is falling by about 800 people every day.
Japan’s low birthrate, therefore, gives bad effects to Japanese society. For this reason, it is important to know the fact of this problem. However, this essay will focus on one: the changing role of women in Japan. It will also show interesting solution to this problem.

Cause
	The cause of low birthrate is the changing role of women in Japan. Since 1990s Japan government gives money to people who have more children, but it is not effective solution to prevent from low birthrate. There are more important things than money. In Japan, once women’s job means housework, but now there are many people who works on outside after getting married. The reasons why Japanese women began to work outside more are that Japanese society accepted women’s worker and poor economic situation. The poor economic situation means that women have to support their family by contributing on money because their husband can’t earn enough money to feed their family by recession (Wilson, 2011). The women who works outside and taking care of household are very busy, so they don’t want to have children more. In addition, it is difficult for women to return to work again after they choose raising children, and also there are not enough childcare places, so women can’t depend on public childcare when they work. Moreover, it is not popular to take paternity leave for men. If man want to this, it is difficult to have an approval by fellow worker. These things mean that there is not enough environments to take care of children for worker. This situation make it difficult to grow children.

Solution
	One possible solution to the changing role of women in Japan is to make the system of ‘’working at home’’. Now, Japanese women want to work outside to enjoy their career and support their family. These things are very important for them, so they value their work. However, this situation continues permanently, Japanese society will decrease the number of birthrate gradually. Therefore, we have to make the new system of work which workers can compatible career and housework. For example, doing skype meeting and women’s boss tell the situation of company. After that, the boss gave them tasks which they can do online. By doing this, women can understand contents of job in detail and work easily at home. In fact, in Shinnnihon medicine manufacture held the meeting one to one before worker start parental leaves (Shinnihon medicine manufacture, 2013). However, Japanese companies doesn’t doing ‘’working at home’’ system. When workers start parental leaves, the companies help them by money, but only this. If the workers confused a lot about working, the companies can’t notice because they neglect workers during parental leaves. Thus, during parental leaves are serious for workers. They feel lost at home. To solve this problem, we have to make the system of ‘’working at home’’. It is implemented by every company which have workers who do parental leaves. The companies have to do after support of parental leaves. There are three benefits. Firstly, if they do this, they can make good relationships. Next, doing this system, workers won’t become feel lost about work and feel no stress. This is not only good for workers but also their children. Finally, by supporting women’s career, companies can contribute to the society of Japan. The companies will become good model of excellent work-life balance. These things improve reputation of companies.

Conclusion
	Japanese low birthrate problem can’t afford to ignore. This essay has discussed one main cause of the changing role of women, so we have to solve this cause quickly. This is a complicated cause, but this essay only suggests one possible solution. By making new system of “working at home”, women can compatible both career and housework. This solution has possibility, but this is not effective perfectly. Japanese women situations are very serious, so we have to cause actions to solve this problem. Unless companies or we act quickly, Japanese low birthrate will become more serious.








References
Gould, R. (2013). Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from
http://www.populationsutudies.com/evtdd34kl

NIKKEIBUINESS (2014).
http://business.nikkeibp.co.jp/article/manage/20150320/278998/?P=5&ST=smart

Shinnnihon medicine manufacture (2013).
https://k-sengen.pref.fukuoka.lg.jp/jirei/jireifile_01127.pdf

Wilson, P. (2011). Retrieved August 17, 2012, from online. wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927.html
