Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
	Generally, there are a lot of people who want to live a happy life. Although, some conditions are necessary to find happiness for people.	This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, getting good job. Next, finding a good partner. Finally, keeping good health. 
	One effective way to have a happy life is to get a good job. First, if people can find a good job, they will be able to get positive thinking or accomplishment for working. For example, if people have a good job, they will work more hard than people who work at work they do not like. Therefore, people who have a good job may go up a position in their company. As a result, it is important for people to get a good position in working because they are more satisfied with their life. Second, people who get a good job may get much money. This is because people who succeeded in selection of work will get the salary more. As a result, people will have room on their money. In addition, people who have much money will be able to buy the thing which they want. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is to get a good job because people may get positive thinking or accomplishment for working and getting a good job leads to becoming the rich person. 
	Another effective way to have a happy life is to find a good partner. This is because people become very happy if they feel that they can build the good relationships with their partner. For example, if people get married, they will easy to talk about troubles with their partner because the time that they spend together increases. In fact, a study showed that people in happy relationships with a good partner have less stress than people who were not in relationships (Brown, K, 2013). This is shows that it is very important to connect the relationships with other person for many people. In addition, people can be freed from aloneness by associating with other people. Thus, people can spend the wealthily life by finding a good partner because people who have good relationships with other people have little stress. 
	A final effective way to have a happy life is to keep good health. First, if people have a good health, people will be able to spend substantial days because they can have much time. For example, if people have a healthy body, they will be able to have more time to do their hobbies. However, if people have a body which is not healthy, people may not have time to do their hobbies enough. As a result, it is important that people have healthy body in enjoying their hobbies. Second, people who have a good healthy have more money than people who have not a good healthy. This is because people costs money for treatment costs and hospital charges if they are hospitalized with diseases. As a result, unhealthy people cannot spend money for their pleasure. In addition, staying a hospital for long term means that people do not get a salary. Thus, a final effective way to have a happy life is to keep good health because people can enjoy their hobbies and people who have a good health have enough money. 
	In conclusion, this essay has explained three important effective way to have a happy life: it is to get a good job, it is to find a good partner and it is to keep good health. When people want to have a happy life, they should consider work to be able to enjoy, the family who can feel at ease and keeping health. 
