The Benefits of a Long Vacation for University Students
	This essay will the benefits of a long summer vacation for university students. First, students can have a lot of their time. Second, students can contact people whom they usually cannot readily contact. 
	One benefit of a long summer vacation for university students is that they can have a lot of their time. First, students can concentrate on their hobby or club activities. For example, there is little time to spend for the club when students usually have classes. In particular, it is difficult to find the time to practice for students who have a lot of required classes. However, students who join a club will be able to practice a lot because they does not have a class during summer vacation. As a result, it will be at the time greatest opportunity to improve their ability for students joining a club in the summer vacation. Second, if students have a long summer vacation, they can earn money by their part-time job. For example, university students can work at long time because they have a lot of vacation, especially, students who does not belong to the club. Moreover, although the university student costs a lot of money, for example, money to buy clothes, play, they can deposit money. Thus, long summer vacation is good time for university students because they can spend time on their hobby or club, and they can earn a lot of money.
	Another benefit of a long summer vacation for university students is that they can contact people whom they usually cannot readily contact. First, students usually cannot go home because they are very busy, especially, part-time job, dinner with friends. In addition, a lodging student and the student living alone can return to their house only at the time of long vacation. Therefore, it may become a good opportunity for students that they can spend with their family and they may become a dutiful child. Second, if students have a long summer vacation, they may take part in a volunteer. For example, there are many volunteer that students can participate during summer vacation, for example, revive activities of a stricken area, or a home for the aged. These experiences are good for students because they may learn to something important. Thus, long summer vacation is good time for university students because students can have a good opportunity to deepen family relation and carry something for other people. 
