The High Pay Centre has recently revealed that bosses of the FTSE 100 companies earn on average no less than 130 times (!) as much as the average employee in their own company, with some earning as much as 800 times average salary (this means they earn in a single day twice as much as the average employee earns in a year!). Such figures are shocking and offensive. Many people are paid such low salaries that they struggle to pay for the necessities of life, yet their work may be much more valuable to society than the work that highly overpaid people do – consider carers for the elderly, social workers, teachers, nurses, firefighters, etc. compared to people who trade imaginary securities and speculative investments that have little if any value to society. To any right thinking person, this type of inequality has to be entirely unacceptable. At root, the causes of this situation is that in a capitalist system, work is not measured by how beautiful, useful, noble or helpful it is, but simply in terms of a power game of how much those with power and wealth are able to exploit those without. In this sense, the solution is to abolish capitalism as the system that determines wealth distribution. But even before than happens, there are a lot of things that can be done to eliminate the worst excesses. Taxation is often used to correct excesses and redistribute wealth for a fairer society. While the rich and powerful seem to be getting away with special deals, tax avoidance and legal loopholes, this must be stopped and a fair tax regime must be established which truly redistributes wealth. Another possibility is to introduce legislation to directly target pay inequality. This can partly be done by introducing a legally binding living wage (not a minimum wage which simply re-labelled as 'living wage'). Further, legally permissible maximum income multiples between the lowest and highest paid employee in a company should be introduced. For example, it could be legislated that the highest paid person in a company cannot earn more than 10 times the salary of the lowest paid person. This way, if a company or organisation want to reward their bosses with very high salaries, they will also have to adjust salaries at the bottom of the pay scale. Further, attempts to weaken trade unions must be stopped. All of this will help improve the current situation which is offensive to anyone who has even the slightest sense of decency. It seems to me that there is some of each. Some types of advertising are of course useful because if no-one knows about a product or service, no-one can benefit from it. So advertising is not altogether a bad thing. There are however serious problems when advertising encourages consumerism (i.e. buying things that one clearly does not need and possibly cannot afford). This is most clearly visible in the advertising of harmful substances. Tobacco advertising is now largely banned around the world, but it serves as an example for advertising that sought to persuade people to buy things they did not need and things that would harm them and in many cases even kill them. A similar case is advertising for food that is bad for people, like sugary fizzy drinks or fast food. All these types of advertising are so clearly wrong that they should be banned. It goes without saying that advertising that is misleading or provides inaccurate information cannot be useful in improving people's lives. Sadly most advertising is of this type, though it is often a matter of judgement as to whether something is misleading. A strong advertising standards agency can prevent factual lies from being included in advertising, but it is much more difficult to prevent more subtle lies such as the lie that if one buys a certain product, one becomes a better person. Or even worse, if one does not own a certain product, one is lacking something vital or is actually an inferior person. These types of lies are difficult to regulate, but their effect on people's well-being can be profound. They can stop people being content with their lives, creating in them cravings for various products or services. Sadly most advertising is of this type and therefor most advertising does not improve our lives, but rather the opposite. I think there are threats to certain types of jobs because of advances in technology and especially IT, but not to other types of jobs. This is because certain jobs become less laborious with the use of technology and therefore fewer people are required for doing the same amount of work. At the same time, however, technological development requires people as well – there need to be engineers, software engineers, scientists, all manner of specialists and highly skilled people to develop technology and implement technological solutions. It is therefore not necessarily the case that overall, jobs will be lost, but some jobs might be lost and others created. The keys to a transition without job losses are the following in my view: first, education and training has to be offered at no cost or very low cost to everyone and help must be available for anyone who wishes to transition into a different job that requires different skills, training and education. This is the way to ensure that those whose jobs are potentially threatened are not left behind, but can move into those areas where jobs are created. Naturally, there may be cases where it is difficult for people to make the transition and in those cases general support must be provided. Where transition is not feasible, the solution may be to spread work more widely such that while there may be less work to do, the same number of people are doing this work, giving people more free time and stimulating the economy. Certainly, society at large, including businesses, need to take responsibility for the well-being of everyone, rather than saying to some people that they are no longer wanted and should go away. Second, it is important that the skills of the future are cultivated locally. If technology has to be bought in from abroad or a large number of highly skilled workers have to be imported, this can lead to problems if the jobs of the future are created in other countries or it is not possible for local people to transition into those jobs.
