Japan’s low birthrate
Introduction
	Japan’s low birthrate can be defined as when babies are not born enough after a person died (Gould, 2013). In Japan, it is thought that a low birthrate is a very serious problem. This is because Japan is a small country with a large population. The number of people per square kilometer in Japan are 336, which is big enough. In comparison with it, the area of Japan is very small. This means that many people in Japan need places to live, food to eat, or electricity. (Gould, 2013). 
	A low birthrate in Japan has the biggest society problems in the future Japan. Around 70million people are in Japan in 1945. By 1985, the number had nearly doubled to 122millon. This means that Japan has a very large population of old people now. (Gould, 2013). If this rate continues, more old people will increase. There are other reasons to increase the number of old people. It is that Japan is expected for development of the medicine. Because of this, Japan is said that the average age of death is 83 years old now, which is old enough. On the other hand, there is low number of babies who born. It is said that fertility rate in Japan was 1.41. This means that Japan has problem of an aging society with a low birthrate. This will have serious consequence for society in Japan. 
	Japan’s low birthrate has three important negative effects. First, it leads that the population of Japan actually getting smaller. Economic power of Japan will thereby decline. This is because the economic power is related with the local population very much. So, if the number of people in Japan are decrease, economy in Japan will suffer. Second, the relations with other countries fade. If there are low number of people is Japan, Japan cannot produce and bring in money to exports enough. It means that Japan cannot have relations with a foreign company. This affects inside and outside Japan. Finally, people may have to pay higher taxes in the future. If people have to pay more tax to live after they retire, their incomes decrease. In addition, the system of pension in Japan is not enough, so people may take enough money. 
Thesis statement
	Japan’s low birthrate, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on changing role of women in Japan. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause
	One cause of a low birthrate in Japan is that it is the changing role of women in Japan. In other words, the problem of a low birthrate came to be caused because more and more women came to work outside the home. There are two reasons that many women came to work outside. First, nowadays in Japan, it is time that woman can have a career if they want. Japanese society was change. So, the women who obtained a high position is absorbed in working. As a result, such a women think want to priority more working than have children. Second, it is difficult for a woman to come back to the workplace after maternity leave. In fact, women who choose to take maternity leave are able to stop working for 14 weeks. However, during this time, they only receive about 40% of everyday salaries (Wilson, 2011). This means that when a women leaves her work once, she may have risk in her life. It is important to increase the number of children, but the most important things is that it is to support a women to be able to have a child keep working. This results in high rate of Japan’s low birthrate. Unless something is done to change the system for the woman who finished maternity leave, the low birthrate in Japan will continue to be serious social problem in Japan. 
Solution 
	One possible solution to the problem of a low birthrate in Japan would be to increase the support for people who finished maternity leave. To do this, the Japanese government needs to create the environment that is easy to work for the women who wants to have a children. This solution would be implemented by the Cabinet office in Japan, which it is a section deal with declining birthrate mainly in Japan. The focus of this solution would be to do not reduce the fund for the women of the maternity leave. Nowadays, many woman think that maternity leave could be very bad for their career (Wilson, 2011). This is because they cannot get same rank before being absent from work or get salary enough from their company during stopping work. This means that there are many women choosing who do normal life and money. On the other hand, if the company can support for a woman enough, the number of woman who want to have a child may increase. The government would evaluate the support based on two points: it is to increase the system which can perform maternity leave into company and it is to give an about the same salary before taking a rest. If a government carry out such a support, the environment where a woman is easy to have a child is appear, and a low birthrate may increase. 
This solution would have one big benefit. It is the problem that is serious for future Japan that the number of children decrease. However, to support for women who think maternity leave leads to increase the number of children. The benefit of this is that it becomes for future Japan. In other words, the problem of a low birthrate must be solved because we can do a comfortable living in the future. 

Conclusion
	A low birthrate in Japan is a problem that not only a women who want to have a child but also every people in Japan cannot afford to ignore. It means that to decrease the number of children leads to the problem of economy in future Japan. So, this problem is very serious, if it is not solved. This essay has discussed main cause of a low birthrate in Japan: changing role of women in Japan. This is a complicated problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. By supporting for a women who want to have a child, we would resolve one of the main reason the problem of a low birthrate. However, this solution has one important limitation. If a women of the maternity leave are increase, the government must spend much money, and it is difficult for the company. This means that if the number of people who take a rest for maternity leave are increase, their company may have a problem of a lack of person. Unless the Japanese government does more to solve this this problem, a low birthrate in Japan will continue to increase.  




Reference
Palash Ghosh (2014). Reverse birth rate plunge, but it may be too late. Retrieved Marth 21, 2014, from http://www.ibtimes.com/japan-encourages-young-people-date-mate-reverse-birth-rate-plunge-it-may-be-too-late-1562867
Patrick Wilson (2011). The changing role of women in Japan. Retrieved August17, 2012, from online,wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927.html
Rachel Gould (2013). Japan’s low birthrate. Retrieved August 8th , 2013, from http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl



