The Benefits of Learning to Cook
	This essay will explain the benefits of learning to cook. First, it brings the good eating habit. Second, it becomes the bride study.
	One benefit of learning to cook is that it brings the good eating habits. First, learning to cook is good for live a healthy life. If people can make a good meal, their eating habits becomes fun. For example, people are glad if they become able to cook a delicious meal. Also, if they don’t know how to make meals, they will eat fast food. Fast food’s nourishment has deflection, and it adversely affects health. Therefore, it is very important to learn cooking in living a healthy life. As a result, it is fun if people come to cook and it’s good for health. Second, learning to cook is that it leads to reducing stress. If they can make expensive meal of the nutritive value, their life stress will decrease. It is good for brain and mind. The meal lets brain activate, and a body becomes active. Also, people can reduce daily stress by taking a meal well. Therefore, their life will become very good. Thus, learning to cook is that it leads to reducing stress and good for live a healthy life.
	Another benefit of learning to cook is that it becomes the bride study. First, if a bride are learning to cook, they can recognized by groom’s mother. The bride who can cook well has good impression. Also, if a bride cannot cook a meal when they married, husband and his mother will be disappointed. As a result, a bride must learn cooking. Second, if a bride can cook a meal well, they can live a happy life after their marriage. For example, it is troubled if they cannot cook when their child was born. It is necessary to give a good meal for their child. If they can cook expensive meal of the nutritive value, it will be very good for the health of their child. Also, the wife who can cook well is loved her husband. As a result, it brings oneself happiness to learn cooking. Thus, learning to cook is that it becomes the bride study because they not also can recognized by groom’s mother, they also can live a happy life after their marriage.
