
The Benefits of Learning to cook
	This essay will explain the benefits of learning to cook. First, they can enjoy cooking. Second, people can prepare a dish by themselves when they live alone.
	One benefit of learning to cook is that they are able to enjoy making a dish. First, they can season the dish as they like. Some people like a strong taste, but some people like a light taste. For example, people who like a strong taste use a tomato sauce when they eat potato fly, but people who like a light taste use a salt. Therefore they cook by themselves, and they can season the dish which they feel most delicious. When they can cook and eat a delicious food, they are happy, and they will want to make more delicious dishes. Second, they can think about appearance of the dish. For example, when they cook a hamburger steak, the dish’s color is only brown, so they add a salad, for example tomatoes and leaves vegetables. Because of these vegetables, green and red colors are added, and the dish looks delicious. They will enjoy thinking appearance of the dish. Thus they will enjoy cooking because they can choose a taste which they like, and they can be particular about appearance of a dish.
Another benefit of learning to cook is that people can cook by themselves when they live alone. First, they can prepare a healthy cooking. If they can’t cook, they will buy it. However, the handmade dish is better for their health than the dish which they buy because there are many food additive in the dish they buy, and it is bad for their health. As a result, they should eat the handmade dish. In addition, when they cook by themselves, they can use positively healthy food in a dish. Second, they can eat cooking more cheaply. When they live alone, no one cook for them, so if they don’t learn to cook, they will buy it at a super market and a convenience store. However, it is very expensive. In contrast, the handmade dish is not really expensive. Because food expenses cut down in this way, they can use their money for something they like. Thus, people can cook by themselves when they live alone, so they can eat a healthy dish, and they can cut down food expenses.
