
The Benefits of Learning to cook
This essay will explain the benefits of learning to cook .First, it is useful for people to learn cooking to live with their family peacefully. Second, learning to cook helps that people spend better life.
	
One benefit of learning to cook is that it is useful for people learn cooking to live with their family peacefully. First, people can save money. People need much money if they live with their family, for example, food expenses, school expenses, and house-rent. In addition, people like going trip with their family. This need high cost, and parents must pay much money which children need to study in university, so they want to save money as possible to do. As a result, People do various way to save, for example, people turn off the light if they do not use room. People can do this thing easily, but people cannot live without eating foods. They spend high cost if they always eat dinner restaurant, but people can save easily if they learn to cook and they often cook dinner in their house. Second, people can make the good relationship with their family by learning to cook. There are a lot of children who like cooking cookies and cakes. Parents teach children how to cook some sweets and foods, if parents know how to cook. In addition, they enjoy talking about their children’s school life, so they have no secret things.
Thus, learning to cook helps people who live with their family spend substantial every day because people can save money, and they can make the good relationship with their family.
 	Another benefits of learning to cook is that it helps that people spend better life. First, learning to cook helps people become the ideal physique. People want to develop their muscles if you play any sports. They need good nutrient to make muscles. You can cook food with that nutrient.
Second, people become the ideal physique, they can improve constitution. 
Thus, earning to cook is that it helps that people spend better life because learning to cook helps people become the ideal physique, and people become the ideal physique.
