The Benefits of Learning to Cook
This essay will explain the benefits of leaning to cook. First, they can eat dish that they like. Second, they will be good husband or wife in the future.
One benefit of leaning to cook is that they can eat dishes that they like. First, they can decide dishes by their feeling of the day. For example, in hot day, they can eat cool dishes, soumen. In cold day, they can eat hot dishes, stew. They can eat dishes that they want to eat by feeling of the day. They can keep their appetite. Also they want to cook dishes because they can cook dishes that they want to eat. As a result, they want to cook dishes, and they cook dishes many time. Second, they can do their health care. If they feel that they don’t have vegetables recently, they can cook used vegetables dish by themselves. They understand their eating habits most. Therefore, they can have dishes which matched them. Thus, leaning to cook is that they can eat dishes that they like: they can decide dishes by their feeling of the day, and they can do their health care. 
Another benefits of leaning to cook is that they will be good husband or wife in the future. First, their family can have good eating habits by their cooking. For example, they cook a dish with thinking health of their family. They can do health care of their family, and their family become health. Their family don’t have sick. Also they cost if they eat dinner out of home. However they don’t cost if they eat dinner in home. As a result, their family need dishes that they cook because they become health and don’t cost. Second, they can be their family’s pride and joy. For example, if their son have good lunch box in school, their son’s lunch box have good reputation. Their son will become glad. Their son looks forward to the time when he eats lunch. As a result, their son thanks their father or mother who cooks good lunch box. Thus, leaning to cook is that they will be good husband or wife in the future: their family can have good eating habits by their cooking, and they can be their family’s pride and joy. 
