The Benefits of Learning a Musical Instrument
	This essay will explain the benefits of learning a musical instrument. First, people’s hearts become rich. Second, people can be connected to other people.
	One benefit of learning a musical instrument is people’s hearts become rich. First, people learn about music. When people learn musical instrument, they also learn about music, for example the history of music, composers, and songwriters. If they learn about music other than everyday studies, people can acquire culture. In other words, they can become knowledgeable person. As a result, to know a lot of knowledge, people can obtain property that people cannot see, but it is important than visible things. Second, people are healed by the sound. If people sound a musical instrument, they can listen the real sound nearest, and enjoy of it. In addition, they will feel the feelings of the music, but it is better to play musical instrument than just to hear. As a result, because people feel real music to play musical instrument, they can brush up their sense of music. Thus, people learn about music, and people are healed by the sound, so musical instrument is people’s hearts become rich.
	Another benefit of learning musical instrument is people can be connected to other people. First, music is common throughout the world. When people play musical instrument, they don’t need any words. The sound makes people happy, and sometimes sad. Also playing a musical instrument can convey player’s feeling. This is the joy that people can’t get only by listening to music. As a result, they can understand each other without words, to play a musical instrument. Second, music is beyond age or sex. If people play sports, they can’t play them equally between men and women or young and old because each person has quite different power or weight. However, playing musical instrument can enjoy anyone. As a result, music can tie a person and a person, and musical instruments are very important tools to understand each other. Thus, music is common throughout the world, and music is beyond age or sex, so people can be connected to other people.
