The Benefits of Learning to Cook
	This essay will explain the benefits of learning to cook. First, people can know many things. Second, people can be healthy.
	One benefit of cooking is that people can grasp the market price of foods. For example, people go shopping to buy material of dinner. Then, they go to many shops to buy as a cheap thing as possible. They study a market price there. As a result, they are able to buy cheap foods, and save their money. From this, to know about the market price of foods is very important. Second, people can discover their favorite taste. For example, people who like the thin taste go to dine out. They can’t know the taste of the shop’s food until they eat the food of the store. If the taste is bad, they are irritated. On the contrary, if they were able to cook and cook dinner themselves, they would be able to be satisfied because they are able to adjust seasoning. As a result, their mood become good, and they are happy. Thus, knowing about many things has two benefits for people: it can help people to grasp the market price of foods, and it makes them discover one’s favorite taste.
	Another benefit of cooking is that people are able to have healthy life. First, it become difficult for people to develop a life style-related disease. For example, people cook dinner in their house. Then, they notice they can eat at a low price rather than eat at a dining out, and stop eating a fast food frequently. As a result, they are able to save their money, and lead the right eating habits. Second, by making a meal collectively, people become to consider the balance of cooking. For example, people cook dinner in their house. Then, they are able to consider about nutrition. If they go to dine out, they are not able to consider a menu be themselves. Occasionally, there is a store which does not consider nutrition. It becomes a cause of unhealthy. Therefore, it is important for people to consider a menu. As a result, it becomes fun for people to consider menu. Then, they become fine. Thus, having healthy life has two benefits for people: it prevents getting a life style-related disease, and it makes people consider nutrition.
