
The Benefits of Learning to cook
	This essay will explain the benefits of learning to cook. First, learning to cook is useful for their life. Second, people can feel happy.
	One benefit of learning to cook is useful for their life. First, learning to cook is good for health. If they cook themselves, they can choose foods that they would like to use. For example, it is possible to worry about growing area of foods and to reduce the food additives. It is very safe for their health. If they buy frozen foods or eat out, they don’t know what has been added in them. Possibly growing area of the food may have been disguised. It is the safest that they choose the food themselves. Second, learning to cook will save money. If they cook themselves, they can choose to buy cheap foods. It cost a lot of money when they eat out. Cooking is much cheaper than eating out. They can compare the price of foods when they go shopping. They sometimes choose cheaper food and save money. It is a very good thing. If they eat out every day, you might to be poor. If they make a meal, it can be carried over to the next day. It is not only saves energy costs, but also to save time. It will save very much. Thus, learning to cook is very useful. It is good for the health of their body and it help to save money.
Another benefit of learning to cook is that it make them happy. First, they can make meals for other people if they learn cooking. For example, their friends, parents, children and boyfriend or girlfriend. They can make meals for their important people. In general, it is said that cooking is one of the way to tell thanks. They learn how to tell thanks. It is very good thing. Everyone would be happy to eat delicious foods. They eat home cooking meals and they share the happy. Home cooking will make happy. Second, their cooking skills can be improve. Because they don’t know how to cook, people will not try to cook. That is a little worse. Anyone can cook, so learning to cook is important. If they get skills of cooking, they will be able to cook meals themselves. Cooking is one of the skill they should be learn. For example, when they get married or they living alone, it is better that they can cook. Cooking skill is an important knowledge on the life. People should get the cooking skills. Thus, learning to cook is making people happy. It is able to make meals for other people and advance their cooking skills. It is very happy thing.
