The Benefits of Learning to Cook
	This essay will explain the benefits of learning to cook. First, people who learn to cook become to take care of their health. Second, learning to cook is useful for their partner and their children. 
	One benefit of learning to cook is that people who learn to cook become to take care of their health. First, people who learn to cook can reduce eating out. The eating out and side dishes which are sold at stores are convenient for people, but these food contain a lot of salt and artificial additives. However, people who are good for cooking have no difficulty in thinking of the menu of everyday meal. As a result people who learn to cook and can cook well don’t rely on the eating out and side dishes. Second, people who cook by themselves can see materials of food. People who eat food being made by other people can’t see details of materials of food. Food surprisingly contain a lot of fat, salt and sugar. In particular, sweets contain a lot of fat and sugar. Therefore, people who cook by themselves realize how many materials food have, and they stop taking extra calories. Thus, people who learn to cook can make meal without the eating out or side dishes which are sold at stores, and people can realize materials of food, so they can take care of their health.
	Another benefit of learning to cook is useful for people’s partner and their children. First, people who can cook well fascinate other people and learning to cook is useful for their partner’s health. For example, it is said that the way to a man’s heart is through his stomach. The opposite is same, men who can cook well fascinate women. Moreover, people who can cook well can improve their partner’s diet. As a result, people who learn to cook and can cook well can fascinate other people and they can also make their partner’s diet be better. Second, people who have children can keep their children’s nutrient balances well. Children often hate vegetables, for example, green peppers, carrots, and onions. However, if people who cook for children can cook these food well, children can eat them, so people who learn to cook can bring up their children healthy. Therefore, people who learn to cook can keep their children’s health well. Thus, people who learn to cook and can cook well can fascinate other people, and they can made their partner’s health or their children’s health be better, so learning to cook is important to not only their selves but also their partner and their children.
