Satoko Matsuura                                                            3144
This essay will explain the benefits of learning to cook.　First, in the fortune, you can cook a dish for family. Second, it is good for health.
One benefit of learning to cook is that you can cook a dish for family and friend. First, if you have married and you have your child, you have to cook your child and family. If you become a housewife or househusband, you have to make a dish in morning, lunch time and night and you have to think up a menu in every day. Therefore, if you can cook a little, cooking every day is very hard work for you. However, if you are possible to enjoy cooking, you are happy every time. Learning to cook will helps you to become enjoy cooking. Second, you can cook a food and sweets at the event. For example, On the day of Valentine`s day, you can make delicious chocolate. Your boyfriend and your husband will like you more and more. Also, you cook delicious sweets and dish for Christmas, Halloween and New Year holidays and you are very happy to be able to share that with your family. You can make people happy with use a delicious food that you made.
Thus, learning to cook is provide you can make a cook for your family. In particular, you can make a good food at the event.
        Another benefit of learning to cook is it provide a good health life. First, if you learn to cook, you can make a healthy food for your family. Most parents take responsibly for saving children’s health. In particular most mothers, think about health when making dishes. If you learn to cook and have a lot of knowledge about cooking, you can cook a dish that good for body and health. Second, if you began to diet, you can make healthy menu. There are a lot of method for diet but food is most important than another. Sometimes, there are people who don’t have food diet. It is bad for health. In contrast, you can cook a food with focus on vegetables, you can lose weight healthy. Thus, you can leaning to cook is provide not only you but also your family, live a health life and you can use knowledge about cooking for diet.

