Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
Recently, people are too busy in their daily lives, so they do not have enough free time and cannot enjoy as much as people in the past. Because of this, the suicide rate is increasing in Japan because people cannot spend a happy life. However, some life of people is very happy to use some effective ways. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to have many hobbies. Next, another effective way to have a happy life is to have interesting job. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to spend with a special partner. 
     One effective way to have a happy life is to have many hobbies. First, people can stay healthy. For example, Sports that is one of the hobbies make people happy because it can stay healthy. If people always doing sports, and they will get strong body. Especially, the university students are very bad health. Because of this, they may to get disease, for example fatness and life-style related disease. If they get disease, they cannot go to school. That is to say, they cannot spend time happily in the school, so they need doing sports. People need have strong bodies to escape the disease. As a result, people can spend time happily thanks to stay healthy. Second, people can make a new friend. For example, if people start doing sports, people join to the sports team, and then they can meet many people. They become a new friend while they are doing sports because doing sports need to join. It is the one of the pleasure for people. As a result, people can enjoy their free time with a new friend. Thus, they can stay healthy and make a new friend, and people can enjoy spend a happy life to they have many hobbies.
Another effective way to have a happy life is to doing interesting job. This is because people always can spend pleasantly in the place where is interesting. This means that people should to do interesting jobs in the place where they can spend a happy life. For example, people work in the restaurant, and they always can spend a happy life because the job is very interesting for them. People can meet a lot of other people who came to their restaurant, and they can talk about many things with their customers. They feel happy because they like talking with a lot of other people. As a result, people enjoy spend a happy life thanks to working in the place where they can do interesting job. Thus, people should find the working place where they can do interesting job to spend a happy life. 
       A final effective way to have a happy life is to spend with a special partner. First, a special partner comforts people when people are feel depressed. For example, if people have worry things, a special partner advice to them. Thanks to this, people can get rid of things that they are feeling depressed. In addition, they can get the advice that is different from their opinions. As a result, people can solve their problems thanks to special partner, and people can spend a happy life. Second, people can share happy things with a special partner. For example, when people eat delicious foods, people can share their feeling that they think that the foods are delicious. When people eat the foods with other people, people can feel more delicious. People feel happy to share their feeling with other people. As a result, people need to have a special partner. In fact, a ten- year-study conducted in the United States found that people who had close family members felt happier than people who did not (Brown,2013). This shows that people can feel happy to spend time with family members. Thus, when people can have a special partner, people can spend a happy life.
In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life: people should to have many hobbies, do interesting job and spend with a special partner. People spend time with other people, and people can spend a happy life.
