Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
	The lives of people are different each, and almost people of the world demand happy life. However, a lot of people do not know ways to have a happy life. This essay will explain effective ways to have a happy life. First, it is important to stay healthy. Next, people should have an interesting job. Finally, people spend more time for hobbies.
	One effective way to have a happy life is to stay healthy. First, it is important to stay healthy to eat food every day. For example, recently, there are a lot of countries that cannot naturally eat food every day in the world, for example, Africa, Angola and Cambodia, especially there are a lot of poor countries in Africa. As a result, it is happy to stay healthy eating delicious food everyday as Japanese people. Second, it is important to sleep well in order to stay healthy. This is because sleeping has an effect of removing tired of people. As a result, to have a happy life it will be an important point to sleep everyday even a short time. In addition, according to scientist, human sleep time is appropriate 6 – 8 hours, so if people have more time, people should sleep everyday 6 - 8 hours. It is important to continue a comfortable sleep every day Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is to stay healthy because people eat meal every day and enough sleep to make a healthy state.
	Another effective way to have a happy life is to have an interesting job. This is because having an interesting job connects to making ambitious activities. This means that if the lack of motivation, it is not possible to send happy life in the feature. For example, if people cannot have an interesting job, it is very difficult to work enthusiastically for not an interested job, even if people is able to work ambitious the job will not last long time. As a result, people should be positive about an interesting job. In fact, according to a psychologist, people who regard their jobs as interesting tend to be more positive about their lives than people who do not think like that (Brown, K.2013). This shows that boring jobs deprive the aggressiveness from people. Therefore, if people can have an interesting job, they will be able to send fulfilling life. Thus, another effective way to have a happy life is to have an interesting jobs because an interesting job makes people aggressive and positive.
	A final effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. First, doing a hobby that is enjoyable can be a good break for people who are busy and tired. For example, when people work hard every day, people get rest, and they are able to spend time for hobbies. In addition, they can resolve the stress of when they worked. As a result, people can be relaxed by having hobbies. Second, the people will not bored by having hobbies if they grow old in the feature. This is because if people do not have hobbies, people will not spend interesting life after retirement. As a result, it is important to have a hobby to enjoy old age, so people should have hobbies, and they spend time for hobbies. In addition, if you have many kind of hobbies rather than one of the hobby, their point of view is spread, and they can enjoy life more, and they have a happy life. Thus, a final effective ways to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies because people can take a meaningful rest, and they will not bored with old age of life.
	In conclusion, this essay has explained three important effective ways to have a happy life: they stay healthy, and they have an interesting job, and they have time for hobbies. If there are people who find ways to be happy, such people should read this essay.

