Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
In Japan, there are many unhappy people because welfare is not enough now. People have many stresses because aging and job shortages. However, people can be happier by making time of their own. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to have a home to come back to in my hometown. Next, another effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to have friends. 
One effective way to have a happy life is to have a home to come back to in my hometown. First, people can spend time with their family. If people live alone, they don’t feel loneliness by returning to the parent’s house. For example, they can eat meal with their family, when they came back from outing, their family meets them, and they can always talk with somebody in the family. At these times, people feel the good point of the family some other time. In addition, people can eat the meal of mother and they don’t have to do housework. They don’t have to spend busy every day. Second, people can meet many local friends. If people live in the prefecture that is not a hometown, they can’t readily meet their local friends. Local friends are one of a kind for them because they know each other from old days. For example, local friends can notice change of the heart of them immediately, and they can enjoy by being together. In this way, people don’t need to usually mind in front of the local friends. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is to have a home to come back to in my hometown because they can calm down very much.
Another effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. This is because people can enjoy doing their favorite things at free time. For example, people play many sports, they go to the cooking class, and they listen to music. People can enjoy these alone and with their friends. For example, I feel happiness when I play hockey. I play hockey in a junior high school, and I think that hockey is the most fun in sports. In particular, I am very glad when I can show that I practiced in a game. In addition, through a hobby, people can increase friends because they can talk by a common topic. They can make friends immediately. In fact, a study found that people who have plenty of time to do their hobbies were much happier than people who don’t (Brown, 2013). This shows that people can enjoy a hobby, and many friends can increase, too. Thus, the hobby can find new themselves and can become a plus in the future. 
A final effective way to have a happy life is to have friends. First, people can go to shopping with their friends. If people have stress, they buy many favorite things with their friends and can relieve a stress, for example, foods, clothes, and furniture. They usually like to do shopping their friends than they do shopping alone because people have to talk partner is fun. At the same time as they do shopping, they can have various talks to their friends so they can feel happiness. Second, people can go to travel with their friends. If they go to the place that they have not yet gone for a trip, they can look at the tourist attraction that they have not looked at it. They can enjoy that they make a plan while looking at the sightseeing magazine. When they looked at the tourist attraction, they can share an impression with their friends. They can swell with them. Also, people can eat the food which they can eat only at the place with their friends. When they usually eat many delicious food, they can get well. Thus, final effective way to have a happy life is to have friends because they can talk a lot of things and share fun. 
In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life. People can spend time with their family and they can meet many local friends. Also, they can have time for hobbies. Finally, they can go to shopping and travel with their friends. If people do like this, they can relieve stress and they can feel happiness. 




