Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
These days, there are a lot of people feel tired and think something negatively because of bad economy condition or relationship with someone. However, if they can find some a little happy thing, their life would become nicer. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to eat delicious food. Next, another effective ways to have a happy life is to have a good family. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to listen to music.
One effective way to have a happy life is to eat delicious food. First, people can get satisfaction if they eat delicious food. For example, when people would like to eat delicious food, they usually try to find good restaurant. Then, people can enjoy finding that, and if found the restaurant and if the meals of restaurant are really nice, people can get satisfaction. In fact, I love finding nice cafés and restaurants, so when I find a new good café or restaurant, I feel so happy. Second, people can stay healthy if they eat delicious food. For example, if people, especially children, have food that they do not like, such as carrots, green peppers, or tomatoes, they would not try to eat them. However, this causes suffering from malnutrition and they might be unhealthy. However, if people could make delicious meal with foods people do not like, people can eat them and they can get malnutrition. Therefore, people can stay healthy, so they do not have to catch a cold. This is happy for people. Thus, eating delicious food can give people satisfaction and healthy, and this would be way to have a happy life.
Another effective way to have a happy life is to have a close family. This is because people can get a sense of security and people can be relax. This means people who have close family can usually help each other and talk anything. In fact, one decade research carried on in the United States found that people who had close family relationship felt more supported than people who did not (Brown,2013). This shows people who have close family help each other in their family, and they can get sense of security. For example, usually, people who have close family members can talk with them about their concerns because their family members know them well, so it is easy for them to talk about anything. This means that their family members are able to give them some advice. Therefore, people can get a sense of security. In addition, people can be what they really are in their family, so they can be relaxed and feel happy. Thus, having a good family give people sense of security and relaxing effect, and this become people’s way to be happy.
A final effective way to have a happy life is to listen to music. First, listening music encourage people to be relaxed. For example, when people cannot sleep or they get frustrated because of concerning something, people can feel relax to listen to music. In fact, there are a lot of people who become energetic to listen to music when they feel depressed. If they become energetic, they can think something positively, and feel like happy. Second, listening to music can give people chance to have their satisfied life. This means word of a song might encourage people to notice important things on their life, and this make their life more special. For example, I have a favorite band, and I can get nice word from their songs. Then, I sometimes change my mind and how to think. Therefore, songs give people kind of way to new thinking, and this would make their life more satisfied and happier. Thus, listening to music gives people positive effect on mentally and on their life, and this would become way to have a happy life.
In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life: delicious food, close family, and listening music encourage people to have their happy life. Therefore, to have happy life, people have to find way to be happy mentally and physically.
