Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
	Most people claim to have happy lives, and almost all people want to feel happier than they are at present. However, some people don’t have a happy life. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way is to have an interesting job. Next, another effective way to find a good partner. Finally, a final effective is to do sports.
One effective way to have a happy life is to have an interesting job. First, interesting job make people positive. If people have uninteresting jobs, they would become negative. In fact, a study reported that interesting works make people active, and uninteresting works make people passive (Brown, 2013). This show that feeling of people depend on their jobs. In addition, positive people are happier than negative people because positive people have more confident than negative people. People who have confident can succeed in everyday life because they try to do aggressive everything. For example, people succeed at job, and people succeed in relationship. Therefore, to have an interesting job become better feeling of people. Second, interesting job give people good relationship. People who have interesting job try to cooperate with business associate because they work positively. Good relationship reduce stress. People who have good relationship reduce stress by consulting to business associate, so they can say their true feelings. However, people who don’t have good relationship couldn’t say their true feelings, and they keep it in their mind. Therefore, to have an interesting job give good relationship. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is to have an interesting job because it give people better feeling and good relationship. 
		Another effective way to have a happy life is to find a good partner. This is because people who find a good partner can make family. If people find a good partner, they can married and live in cooperation with partner. This mean that they can share the role of house. For example, they can share housework, communicate with neighbor and managing money. Therefore, they can have free time thanks to cooperate. In addition, people who find a good partner can have own children. People who have own children are happier than people who don’t have because they can watch the growth of own children and play with own children. If people don’t find a good partner, they would be lonely forever. Thus, another effective way to have a happy life is to find a good partner because they can have family. 
		A final effective way to have a happy life is to be do sports. First, if people do sports, they become physical healthy. For example, if people do strenuous exercise such as running, soccer, and American football, they can get muscles and improve vital capacity. In addition, if people do normal exercise such as walking, swimming, and cycling, they reduce weight and improve physical function. As a result, these effects of sports make people longevity because inside of their body become healthy. Second, if people do sports, they can become mental health. If people do sports, people get some benefits. For example, people who do sports reduce stress because they do at full power. Therefore, people forget unpleasant thing in their life while people do sports. In addition, people can be a change of pace. For example, if people do sports when they are angry, they would relax because they can’t think extra things while doing sports. Thus, a final effective way to have a happy life is to be do sports because people become longevity, reducing stress, and a change of pace.
	In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life: people should have interesting job and find a good partner and do sports. If people do these three effective ways, they can become happy.
