Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, It is that there is an important person near oneself. Next, when it spends time on a hobby. Finally, it is to handle worthwhile work. Finally, it is to handle worthwhile work.
One effective way to have a happy life is to be the person whom I want to protect. First, the people whom people are the most important for will be families. The parent who brought oneself up needs the thanks. Oneself who became a university student comes of age soon. Oneself will become the situation protecting a parent from now on. What people can spend with the parent near will be happy. The person living at the parents' house thanks for the value and will feel happiness. Second, it is that oneself and an important person of the same age can do it. It is a friend, and it is a lover. It is different from a parent again and may have various talks. In addition, people get over the various difficulty together and may have various experiences. It is happy. Thus,  one effective way to have a happy life is to be the person whom I want to protect.
Another effective way to have a happy life is to spends time on a hobby. This is because spends time on a hobby. For example, it will need the person of the hobby to read a book. While people read a book, the person enjoys one time, and much knowledge will be provided from the book again. In addition, if it is the person of the hobby to hear music, people will hear music while doing something. Then people become very motivated when they must carry out an unpleasant activity. Futhermore, it will become the thing achieving a feeling when people were depressed. It is not necessary to think about other things, and it will be happy. People need time only for oneself. Thus, another effective way to have a happy life is to spends time on a hobby.
A final effective way to have a happy life is to working hard. First, it will be toilsome very physically mentally to work desperately. However, the thing that is good for oneself as such will come back. As for that people come to be able to do new work, one's width gets wide and will increase at an opportunity to be required. It is very good. Second, a salary will only cost by working desperately. After all it will be very happy that people can live richly. 

