Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
These days, there are a lot of .ways to have a happy life. However, there are a lot of unhappy people. People have to find happiness in what they do in their daily lives. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to enjoy traveling. Next, another effective way to have a happy life is to learn something interesting. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies.
One effective way to have a happy life is to enjoy traveling. First, traveling to anywhere give people a lot of special experiences. If people visit a foreign country, they can experience other country culture that is unique and interesting, for example, world cultural heritage, world natural heritage, arts, and, food. In contrast, if people travel in their country, they can relax and enjoy an activity. As result, people have a special time that is cannot experience in daily live. Second, traveling to anywhere helps people to growing up. This is because if people travel a foreign country alone, they have to do themselves a lot of things. For example, they have to reserve a room at hotel. If they have to do it in a foreign country, they have to communicate foreign language. In addition, when they have a problem, they have to solve a problem themselves. As a result, they become independent and they can do anything themselves, so they can deal stress well. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is to enjoy traveling because they are able to experience that becomes an adult.
Another effective way to have a happy life is to learn something interesting. This is because learning interesting things enriches people life. This means that knowledge helps them to get a happy life. For example, if people learn technical subjects in university, it helps job hunting. As a result, people get a good job and their life enrich. In addition, it helps to enjoy everyday life. If people interested in cooking and they learn to cook, they can cook their favorite dishes at any time. Therefore, if people learn something, their life is successful. On the other hand, if people learn something interesting and then they get qualifications, they can get a job that is their favorite things. As a result, they enjoy their working, and they will be not stressful. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is to learn something interesting because knowledge helps their successful life.
A final effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. First, spend time for enjoying hobbies can release stress. For example, if people enjoy listening to music, they forget their daily life. This is because people felt stress in their place working or their school, they can forget it. In addition, if people enjoy a sport, they can release stress easily. Enjoying sport helps their release stress. As a result, they can think cause of stress calmly. Also, they release their stress and be happy. Second, hobbies give people some benefits. If people enjoy hobbies that are reading book, they can get reading comprehension. In addition, they can get unique knowledge. As a result, they can get knowledge and skills. If people enjoy reading novel, they can experience world of a novel. As a result, they can feel funny and exciting. In fact, a study found that people who felt they had enough time to spend doing hobbies were significantly happier than people who felt they were too busy. (Brown, 2013). This shows that if people spend much time for doing hobbies, they become happier. Thus, final effective way to have a happy life is spending time for hobbies helps people release stress well and get some ability.
In conclusion, this essay has explained three ways to have a happy life: it enjoy traveling, it learn something interesting and having time for hobbies. If people don’t feel happy, they should enjoy traveling or learning interesting things or enjoy doing hobbies.
