Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
	There are approximately seven hundred million billion people in the world. Although many people exist around the world, some people are unhappy and commit suicide. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies .Next, another effective way to have a happy life is to stay healthy. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to travel in foreign countries. 
	One effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. First, people who are able to get good feeling. For example, one of my hobbies are to play soccer and when I play, I always enjoy playing. Therefore, it can give me a feeling of contentment.  Also, to spend doing hobbies help reduce stress. As a result, people naturally their face relaxed in a smile and refresh. Second, people are able to make many types of friends through hobbies. This is because people who are mixed up with a lot of people when they spend doing hobbies, for example, sports, karaoke, and go sightseeing. It shows that people can meet and talk with someone, so good relationship may generate each other. In fact, a study found that people who feel they had enough time to spend doing hobbies were significantly happier than people who felt they were too busy. (Brown, 2013) This shows that to spend doing hobbies as long as possible strongly connected to be happy. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies.
	Another effective way to have a happy life is to stay healthy. This is because it is necessary for them to do many kinds of activities for happiness. For instance, there are a lot of handicapped persons who are physical disabled persons or mental deficiency. If people are lame in the leg, they cannot walk by themselves. This means that they are not able to action easily, and if people are mental deficiency, it is very difficult for them to get a good feeling. As a result, handicapped persons are unable to do what they want. Also, they may bother many people because of care. Therefore, unhealthy persons worried about many types of things. It may be stress for them. Thus, another effective way to have a happy life is stay to healthy because people are not able to do their favorite things easily.
	A final effective way to have a happy life is travel in foreign counties. First, people are able to gain a new perspective from foreign countries. If people go to there, they can be more independent. It shows that to lead a safety life is not easy in foreign countries. During travel, they must consider protecting themselves. In addition, it is possible for them to learn different cultures. For example, when I went to Australia in 2013, I was very surprised because I could not take a bath. I was only allowed to take a shower within 5 minutes. It means that water have been running short in Australia. Second, people can make wonderful memories. There are a lot of famous places in the world. If people go to these places, they will be impressed because of beautiful natures, buildings, and atmosphere. Also, there are many types of traditional foods. Therefore, people may enjoy comparing foods between native country and foreign countries. As a result, they can meet with valuable experiences. Thus, a final effective way to have a happy life is to travel in foreign counties.
	In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life: it is to have time for hobbies, communicate with someone, and travel in foreign countries. If people try to do these things, they will feel happy. 

