Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
Japan’s economic power is rated third in the world. However, according to the Gross National Happiness Index, Japan is rated at the bottom, so Japanese people need to know how to become happier. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to have an interesting hobby. Next, another effective way to have a happy life is to work hard. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to have a close family.
	One effective way to have a happy life is having good hobbies. First, hobbies can make new friends network. For example, if people want to play team sports, people need friends who want to do team sports. When they can meet each other, they become a teammate. They will continue to good relationship to have same hobbies. As a result, they can enjoy hobbies and feel happy because they become having many friends. Second, hobbies provide an outlet for stress. There are many stressful events in social life. Sometimes, people feel stress on their job, school and home. It is difficult for people to get over it. However, if they become enthusiastic about their hobbies, they can forget some hateful things. This is because some people do their hobbies when they feel stress. As a result, they can know about how to control stress. In addition, hobbies have an effect on people feel relaxed. Thus, one effective way to have good hobbies is making new friends network and providing an outlet for stress because people can become enthusiastic about their hobbies.
Another effective way to have a happy life is having interesting job. This is because most people spend their time for their job. If people can find their work rewarding, their life satisfaction become improving. For example, there are big job which very difficult to solve. People cannot solve own ability, but they may solve it when they cooperate with colleagues. In fact, a leading psychologist suggested that if people thought their jobs are interesting, their life satisfaction become better that people who thought their jobs are not interesting(Brown, K, 2013). In addition, most jobs are good effect to social. If you work hard, it may become improve social revel. Furthermore, if you work hard, you can earn high salaries. It is connected to improve quality of life. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is that enjoy own job.
A final effective way to have a happy life is having good family members. First, people should have a good partner. If people have a good partner, you can get help from their partner. It is important for life to have a good counselor. For example, when people have big decisions, their partner gives them advices. In addition, people who have a good partner can share many things, for example, housework, money and time. This is because people who have a partner can live more active and cheerful. Second, people should have their children. If people have children, they become their parents, so they feel more responsible. It is a good effect to improve their lifestyle because they have to become a life model of their children. For example, if people do good manner things, their children do the same things. In addition, people who have their children can feel their children growing up. When their children become adult, they feel a sense of accomplishment and remember the many memories about their children. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is having good family.
	In conclusion, this essay has explained three important ways to have a happy life: have good hobbies, jobs and family. If people have these three features, they will be much happier.


