
Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
	These days, many people do not feel happy because of their circumstances, such as living in war-torn regions or in poor conditions due to poverty. However, they can feel happy by doing easy things. This essay will explain three effective way to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to have opportunities to travel in foreign countries. Next, another effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to play sports.
	One effective way to have a happy life is to opportunities travel in foreign countries. First, travel is enjoy. For example, go to attraction, watching some picture, swim the sea, and go to travel with my favorite friends. In addition, travel is refresh some stress and healthy. Especially, shopping and talk with foreign country people is good effect. As a result, people feel that traveling is happy, and cleaning their heart and break some stress. Second, travel can learn foreign countries. Foreign countries is different from Japan. For example, nature, culture, food, language, and climate. When people know and learn foreign countries, they will feel happy. When I traveled Thai land, I feel that watch something is freshness. I affected that world is different from Japan. Language, eating food, climate is quite different. I noticed that find new thing for foreign countries was happy .As a result, traveling can learn foreign countries and can find new thing for foreign countries. It feel happy. Thus, one effective way to happy life is travel is enjoy and travel can learn foreign countries.
	Another effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies.
This is because hobbies is their favorite act or thing. Their hobbies can concentrate a lot of time and very enjoy. In fact, a study reported that people who felt they had enough time to spend doing hobbies were significantly happier than people who felt they were too busy. (Brown, 2013).  This shows that spend a lot of hobbies time is very quickly. In addition, hobbies can get something. For example, if people have a hobby for reading book, when they finished some book, some book give them that knowledge, some view, and thinking. If people have a hobby for sports, they enjoy sporting and feel happy. As a result, hobbies can give something. It feel happy. Thus, another effective way to happy life is have time for hobbies.
	A final effective way to have a happy life is to play sports. First, playing sports is healthy. There are physical healthy and psychological healthy. Physical healthy is very muscle and strong body. Playing spots become resistant to disease. They can make body that don’t get a disease and healthy , and playing spots take care of psychological disease. For example, depression, stress, and withdrawal. Recently, these psychological disease is one of the social problems. However, playing sports help care these disease.  This thing is proved by the study of the world university.  Playing sports is easiest medicine. Second, playing sports get strong connection for friend and other people and study a lot of thing from playing sports. For example, between the top and bottom relations of a senior and younger student, people assist each other, importance of the team play. They feel that it is happy, and it is very precious experience in future. Thus, a final effect way too have a happy life is playing sports is very healthy and get strong connect and study a lot of thing.
	In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life: travel in foreign countries, have time for hobbies, and play sports. If people do something, it will feel happy.
