Effective ways to have a happy life
These days, there are many people in Japan who think wanting to have a happy life. However, they don’t know what they should do to spend a happy. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, effective way to have a happy life is having time for hobbies. Second, effective way is thinking positively. Third, effective way is travelling in favorite places.  
One effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. First, having time for hobbies helps people get rid of their stress. For example, if their hobby is baseball, they can hit a home run and get rid of a stress comfortably. Also, if work is a hobby, there are no problems. As a result, they control unpleasant things well and reduce their stress. Second, to have time for hobbies is that it is possible to have many friends. This is because they can exchange deeply with a people which have the same hobby if they belong to club activities and a club. As a result, they can make friends by talking with the people much and exchange. In addition, it is easily possible to make opportunities which become friendly because they can play different things except same hobby with the people. For example, they are party and drinking session. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is having time for hobbies because you are able to get rid of their stress and they can make many happy friends. 
Another effective way to have a happy life is to think positively. This is because they become someone who isn’t worried by much and have a confidence owing to thinking positively. In fact, a leading psychologist argued that people who think positively worry less than people who think negatively. This shows that whatever kind of difficulty faces the people who think positively, they can make an effort in order to settle difficulty without worrying. For example, it is that they who have lost a job because of the restructuring search a work again and they work hard in new work place. As a result, they easily deal with things which other people worry about. In addition, they have a confidence because of having settled the failure and problem. Therefore, they can spend work and a diary life happily. Thus, another effective way to have a happy life is thinking positively because they don’t worry about difficulty and bad things, and have a confidence. 
A final effective way to have a happy life is to travel in favorite places. First, they can have happy memories due to travelling in favorite places. If they have a favorite places and went to them, they can remember its affair. For example, they are USJ and Tokyo Disney Land. This means that its affairs are very valuable experience because they can look back a fun affair there. In addition, they talk with friends and family about places which they travelled in favorite, and they can enjoy. Second, travelling in favorite places gives opportunity for them to challenge. For example, it is that when students which like travelling in developing countries return to japan, they consider fortunate environment in Japan and naturally concentrate on studying. Therefore travelling is not only reminding some important things but also motive all things. Also, if they get motivated, a matter becomes easy to work. As a result, they come to think challenging all things because a matter goes well. Thus, a final effective way to have a happy life is travelling in favorite places because they can have happy memories and gives them motivation. 
In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life: they have time for hobbies and they think positively, and they travel in favorite places. If they have these three features, they will spend happy life.
