Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
Recently, there are many people who have a difficult time finding happiness in their lives. Some people cannot cope with life and commit suicide in Japan. However, there are many ways to have a happy life. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to having time for hobbies. Next, another effective ways to have a happy life is to eating healthy food. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to having good relationships. 
One effective way to have a happy life is to having time for hobbies. First, any people has hobbies, so doing hobbies makes them happy. For example, I feel very happy when I’m doing hobby. My hobby is dancing ballet. It is my energy source, so I can’t live without hobby. People are gave to sense of achievement and fulfillment by their hobbies. It is important for their life. As a result, people feel very happy that they doing their hobbies. Second, they will may be able to find a dream from their hobbies. This is because many people will think that they want to work a rewarding job when they decide to their job. In most cases, many hobbies are involved in that job. As a result, hobbies will be able to give to a big dream for people. In addition, they can enjoy working always. In fact, a study reported that people who had enough time to do their hobbies were happier than people who felt they were too busy to do them (Brown, 2013). This shows that doing hobby makes people happy. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is to having time for hobbies because it makes people happy and they may be able to find a dream from their hobbies.
Another effective way to have a happy life is to eating healthy food. This is because people will be able to stay healthy. This means that it is helpful in improving health. For example, eating healthy food can take some sugar that people need live. It is very important for them. However, eating too much is not good for health of people, so they always should take care of their health. As a result, they should have healthy food that is a balanced diet because eating it makes them happy. In addition, eating healthy food with other people relate to increasing communication with other people. Therefore, interesting eating it makes people happy and if will improve communicative skill. Thus, another effective way to have a happy life is to eating healthy food because eating food that is balanced diet is good for health of people, and eating food with other people relate to increasing communication with other people.
A final effective way to have a happy life is to having good relationships. First, if people have friends who can make good relationship, they will be able to feel very happy. For example, if people have a best friend, they can talk their best friend what the truly felt. It is very important indispensable for people like this. As a result, people needs to friends who can make good relationship because their friends like this will be able to makes happy them. Second, people should makes good relationship with their family because their family will not betray their trust in them. As a result, family is indispensable to them, so they should makes good relationship, and they will be able to feel very happy. In addition, if people can find a good partner, they should makes good relationship because their partner may be member of their family. Thus, a final effective way to have a happy life is to making good relationship because people’s friends who can makes good relationship will makes happy them and their family will not betray their trust in them.
In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life: one effective way to have a happy life is to having time for hobbies, another effective ways to have a happy life is to eating healthy food, and a final effective way to have a happy life is to having good relationships. These ways will be able to make happy people’s life.
