Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
	Most people hope to have a happy life. However, every people cannot live forever. Although life time is not so long, people can make their life happily by considering about their own life. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to have a good partner. Next, another effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to have an interesting job. 
	One effective way to have a happy life is to find a good partner. First, having partner is good for mental. People who are married have less stress from society because they can be relaxed at their house by their partner. This means if the partner is not fit you or not good for you, it is very stressful to stay together. However, if the partner was good, the life would be more comfortable. For example, partner may heal his/her partner before hard working. In addition, they can heal each other when they are in trouble in many situations. Second, with a good partner, they can make their life fun. To choose the partner, life style is very important. If the wife is indoor and the husband is outdoor, they cannot go out together happily because they have different thought. In addition, if the preferences were different, it is difficult to spend happy time. For example, if the preference of food is different, they cannot decide what they going to eat for a breakfast. Thus, having good partner is important for have a happy life because it is good for mental and they can spend funny time.
	Another effective way to have a happy life is to having time for hobbies. This is because people have to have a relaxing time. Almost all people getting some stresses every day, and time for hobbies is a one of good way to release the stresses. In fact, a study showed that people who have enough time for their hobbies feel significantly happier than people who feel very busy. (Brown, 2013). This shows that time for hobbies give people healing. For example, salary men often go for play sports on weekend. This could be release of stress and they may get healing. In addition, people can forget a problems that they have while they are concentrate in their hobbies. Nowadays, there are many failures to live on, so people should have time for their hobbies. Thus, having time for hobbies is one of effective way to have a happy life because people can be relax.
	A final effective way to have a happy life is to have interesting job. First, they can work happily. People spend so much time in working in their life, so which job could they get is really important for their life. People cannot enjoy their daily life who are working on a job which is not they interested in. For example, if a person can get a job which he/she have interest in, he/she can keep the job because the job is fun. However, people easily quit the job if they are working at the company which they don’t want to work in. Second, people who do interesting job can meet people who has same interest. Encounter is also very important in people’s long life. If people can get interesting job, they can meet interesting people because they may have same interest as them. It means they can spread their field of view. In addition, they may can make friends while they are not student but member of society. Thus, having interesting job help people to work happily, and can make new friends.
In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life. These are to find a good partner, having time for hobbies, and to have interesting job. To make life happy, people should consider the way to spend their time.
