Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
Recently, many people feel stress by human relationships or their job in their daily life. However, people’s life become happy by a little idea.This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, people establish good human relationships. Second, people have an interesting job for each. Third, people use holiday well.
One effective way to have a happy life is to establish good human relationships. First, people have good relationships with family and friends. Family members are most important for people in life because they concern about the people more than anyone. They are always beside from the womb to the tomb.When people have worries, they think together and encourage. In addition, friends are very important in life. People experience many things that happy and sad with their friends. When people are unhappy, they run to cheer. Especially, best friends that always worry about and share various hings are just family members. As a result, people hold family members and friends dear. Second, people have good relationships with colleague. Many people have a job for life. People feel stress when human relationships with colleague. In addition, people feel stress and they become bad health. The relationships with colleague is bad, so the quality of job is down. As a result, the relationships of office keep good condition is very important. Thus, one effective way to have happy life is that people establish good human relationships with surrounding because people can’t live alone.
Another effective way to have a happy life is to have an interesting job. This is because people become very happy by their job if people find an occupation agreeable to their tastes. Most of people are obliged to work for life. Then they tend to think about something negative. However, there are people that enjoy their job. They looks like fun when they work on their job every day. In fact, a study reported that a leading psychologist argued that people who thought their jobs were interesting were more positive about their lives than people who thought their jobs were ordinary or boring (Brown, 2013). This shows that job satisfaction has something to do with workers’ feeling. Thus, another effective way to have happy life is finding an occupation agreeable to own tastes because they can positive think about their lives.
A final effective way to have a happy life is to using holiday well. First, people spare time for hobby. People are under a lot of stress by each job every day. Therefore, people enjoy hobby in order to relieve some of their stress. For example, people relax by listening their favorite music. In addition, people relax by shopping. They relieve some of their stress by shopping something that they want. Another examples, eating, reading books, playing with pets, playing sports, driving and more. People who work every day need rest that relieve some of their stress. Second, people meet their friends in holiday. This means that people talk with friends in order to relieve some of their stress. People build up stress by human relationships of office every day. Therefore, people complain about their daily work to friends. In addition, people enjoy free time with their friends so relieve some of their stress. Thus, a final effective way to have a happy life is enjoying holiday because people relieve some of their stress that build up at the office every day.
In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life: people establish good human relationships, and people find an occupation agreeable to own tastes, and people enjoy holiday. When people have three ways, they become very happy and have less stress.
