
Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
These days, society and economy have developed. Although most people’s quality of life has improved, many people still don’t feel happy. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way is to have time for hobbies. Next, another effective way is to have good friends. Finally, a final effective way is to have opportunities to travel.
One effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. First, hobbies give people purpose in life. Purpose in life is an important thing to have a happy life. A lot of people work hard because they tries to earn much money, but if they doesn’t have a hobby or interesting thing, these actions will be waste of time and effort. On the other words, purpose in life such as hobby makes people an energetic person. Thus, hobby gives people a purpose in life, so people can be full of vitality and feel happy. Second, having a hobby helps people decide to life style effectively. In fact, a study shows that people who have enough time to spend enjoying hobbies were clearly happier than people who don’t have much free time (Brown, 2013). This shows that time is necessary for having hobby. In order to enjoy hobby, a lot of free time is necessary for people, so people who have a hobby try to get a job that they doesn’t have to a lot of overtime work. As a result, hobby decides to work style and life style. Thus, hobby has a big influence of life style and makes people happy.
Another effective way to have a happy life is to have good friends. This is because socializing with friends has positive effect on people and the society and companies has a lot of campaign for group of people. Socializing with friends makes people feel refreshed and pleasant. In addition, it helps people to live in society. For example, a marriage is a one of the effective socializing to get a pleasant life, and socializing with colleagues is also important for people who have a job to help each other when they have a trouble in business. On the other hand, socializing with friends who have a same hobby makes people feel refreshed and pleasant. As a result, people want to have socializing, so socializing decide to style of life. Thus, socializing makes people refresh and pleasant, so they can have a happy life.
A final effective way have a happy life is to have opportunities to travel. First, traveling with friends maintains and develops their friendship. During the trip with friends, people can share all of the experience about the trip. For example, people can share the moving, happy, and achieve, but sometimes they have a bad memories. These bad memories make their relationship hard. If their friendship become strong, they will have a good relationship in the future. Thus, traveling helps people make good relationship with their friends or family. Second, traveling on my own help people be developed. When, people travel by themselves, they have to plan and solve a lot of problem on them own. These experience will help people be developed. On the other hand, people who travel themselves can get a sense of accomplishment and it helps people grown up mentally. In addition, traveling by oneself makes people feel refreshed. During the trip, people can decide to place where visit and they can spend time just as one likes. Thus, traveling gives people a lot of positive point and makes people happy.
In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life: time for hobby, good friends, and opportunities to travel. If people understand these points and action, they will be happy.
