Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
	Most people want to have time for their hobbies and time to relax. If people can be assured to have that time, they would most likely work and study hard. It is very important for people to be happy. In order to be productive, it is important for people to be happy. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. Next, another effective way to have a happy life is to communicate with their family. Finally, final effective way to have a happy life is to work in part-time job. 
	One effective ways to have a happy life is to have time for hobbies. People do their favorite things, and they can refresh themselves. First, going to concerts make people happy. Favorite singer’s Concerts and favorite comedian’s lives are more enjoyable than watching television or DVD. For example, singer’s concert and comedian’s live. At concerts of favorite singer, people can listen to only favorite music. People support them with having pen right and round fan. In addition, comedian lives can laugh a lot. Watching to comedian live is happier than watching to it on television. Also, ticket of comedian live is cheap. People are easy to go their live. Second, watching the sport games is exciting. For example, soccer and baseball and tennis. Supporting people is very powerful. They sing supporting song and wave the flag. People can be happy to wear uniform of favorite player. People who watch the game on television cannot feel powerful support. In addition, when they support for same team, they can get along to people sitting next to. In fact, a study showed that people who have plenty of time to do their hobbies are happier than people who don’t have enough time to do them (Brown, 2013).  This shows that having hobbies is happiness. Thus, going to concerts make people happy and watching the sport games is exciting.
	Second, next effective ways to have a happy life is communicating with their family. Communicating with family is very important. For example, people talk to their family, people go to shopping with family and people go on a trip with their family. Family should have dinner together, and talk about themselves. People can talk about whatever topic to family. Family can laugh a lot together in a fun topic. Also, people can consult their worries with family. The family takes sides for their child anytime. In addition, to go to shopping with family makes me happy. When people go to shopping with family, parents buy clothes, shoes and accessory to their children. In addition, going on a trip also make people happy. When people go on the trip with their family, they need to use attention. Thus, communicating with their family make people happy. Communicating with family is very important.
	Third, final effective way to have a happy life is to work in part-time job. Most students work in part-time job. Working in part-time job has many benefits. First, People can earn a lot of money. People have a lot of way to use money earned. For example, people use for school expenses, people use for their trip and people use for their hobby. In particular, university students have a lot of free time. People can use meaningful time. Second, people can learn a lot by working in part-time job. There are a lot of kinds of part-time job. For example, in service, people can learn the way people relate to people, in working to cook, people can cook well and in apparel, people can be attention to fashionable. Most people work to service. By service to people of a lot of kinds, people can get alone with various people. It will also be the practice to become a member of society. Thus, people can earn a lot of money and people can learn a lot by working in part-time job.
	In conclusion, this essay has explained three effective ways to have a happy life: people should have time for hobbies, people should communicate with their family and people should work in part-time job. If people have these three features, they have a happy life.
