Ways to Be Happy
There is a growing gap between people who say they are happy and those who claim to be unhappy. The latter can change to be happy people by changing their lifestyles. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to stay healthy. Next, another effective way to have a happy life is to find a good partner. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to work hard.
One effective way to be happy is that people care own body to stay the healthy. First, staying healthy is able to live a long time. There are many people who regard you as important person. This means that it is very happy for those people to live a long life. Also, living a long life can feel evolution of various area. The world is developing day by day, for example the development of technology, the feature of the country, growth of the child. The people can feel the evolution of everything by living long and can feel happiness. Second, staying healthy is able to try to anything. If the people can staying healthy, they can try to do favorite thing. There are limit that the people can do it as they get old. However, if people can stay healthy, the limit disappears and can have many hobbies. People feel a reason for living by getting those and have a happy life. Thus, staying healthy can live a long time and try to do anything and have a happy life.
Another effective way to have a happy life is to finding a good partner. This is because it is necessary for you to have a good partner who help you when you are troubled. In the life, there are many scene that get caught up in a trouble. When you are troubled, if you don’t have a good partner, you must overcome it alone. However, if you have a good partner, he will give you a hand. You will be able to feel importance of a good partner and happiness. Also, a good partner always is side of you and sympathize with your feeling for example sad, angry, and happy. A good partner don’t be feel stress on the partner. Thus, finding a good partner is always your supporter and decrease your burden. A good partner will be feel happy on your life. 
A final effective way to have a happy life is to work hard. First, people who working hard can get some benefit. It is very tough for people to work hard, but they will be able to get some benefit. When we are entrusted with the difficult job, we will be trouble. However, if we could be this task hardly, we would be able to get a sense of achievement. This will be forget about had difficulty trouble. Also, they may have confidence for oneself who accomplished this difficult work. Second, people who working hard is give the reward. They can use this reward for somebody for example, oneself, family, or boy or girl friend. They may watch the figure which people are pleased with, and they can intend to do hard working once again. In addition, as they finished them hard task easily, they can get the reliability from people of circumstances, and the reward will be go up. Thus, working hard give people some benefit, and they can use it for somebody.
In conclusion, this essay has explained three important features of the ways to be happy: staying healthy, finding a good partner, and working hard. If we careful these features, we will have a happy life.
