Effective ways to have a happy life
Every day people go to school, go to work, and do something for becoming happy. Our parents and friends wants us becoming happy. This essay will explain some effective ways to have a happy life. First, people have to have a good job. Second, people have to find a good partner who will follow them for the entire life. Third, people have to have good friends.
One effective way to have a happy life is to find a good job. First the satisfaction of the life is related to the satisfaction of the job. This is because people spend the majority of their time at their job. This is the main reason why people who are not satisfied of their job can’t be satisfied at home. For example, when my father got a good contract at his job, he was happy at home. The job has to make people motivated. Second, people can find good friends. These friends are co-workers. Human is an animal which has difficulties to live alone. Also, this is very important to make good friends at work because people spend the majority of their life at work with these co-workers. For example, this is very difficult to make something good with a bad partner when we work. Thus one effective way to have a happy life is to find a good job because its satisfaction is very important and people can find good friends.
 
Another effective way to have a happy life is for people to find a good partner whom they can spend their life with. This means finding a good wife. This is a very important feature because people spend much time at home. People who work are much tiered and need some help at home. A good wife can help tiered people and they can make a happy family together. Having a good family with children is something every body want. Also, this is important to have a happy life. For example, there are some data which says that people who have a wife succeed in their life more than people who are single. In fact, a study showed that people in happy relationships with a good partner have less stress than people who were not in relationships (Brown, 2013). This shows that people can live a life without the stress if people can find the partner who can build the good relations. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is to find a good partner.
The final effective way to have a happy life is to make good friends. First, humans need help in their life. There is nobody who can live alone without help. For example, Steve Jobs did not found Apple alone. He did it with some friends with whom he worked hard. The main difference between people who succeed and people who failed in their life is the existence of friends. Second, people can be stimulated by friends’ actions. This means learn from their friend’s actions. To go to the next step, people have to be stimulated from the exterior world. When people have many good friends, they can stimulated a lot. As a result people can go to the next step, can become better if they have friends who can stimulate them. Thus, one effective way to have a happy life is to have good friends.
In conclusion, this essay explained three effective ways to have a happy life. First, people have to have a good job. Second, people have to find a good partner who will follow them for the entire life. Third, people have to have good friends.
