Effective Ways to Have a Happy Life
Recently, many people are very busy because they have to worry about their income, their relationship with colleague, and their future. As a result, they sometimes get depression and stain their by overwork. However, some people feel happy in their busy life and enjoy their life. It is important to enjoy life in their career. This essay will explain three effective ways to have a happy life. First, one effective way to have a happy life is to have a good social life with friends and family members. Next, another effective way to have a happy life is to stay healthy. Finally, a final effective way to have a happy life is to have opportunities to travel.
	One effective way to have a happy life is social life with their friends and family members. First, social life reduce their stress. Nowadays, many people often feel stress in their life, such as, power harassment, salary, and their future. If people meet their friend when they feel stress, they can let off steam. The reason is people can talk about their cause of stress. Moreover, their family members listen to complain with tender care because they want their family member to be happy. In addition, they play with their friend is a good solution to reduce their stress because they can forget their cause of stress whey they play with their friends. Second, social life can share their hobbies with other people. Many people feel satisfaction when they do their hobby. Satisfaction is connected happily. Furthermore, people feel more satisfaction when they do hobby with other same hobby’s fan. People can enjoy discussion, to play together, and change their correction. Thus, if people can enjoy their social life with their friend and family members, they reduce their stress and find the effective way to have a happy life.
	Another effective way to have a happy life is to stay healthy. This is because people cannot move without using their body. This means that people need to use body when they want to let off their stress. They feel stress when they have disease because they cannot move they want to do. In addition, disease makes their family members unhappy. As a result, bad health do not have good effect to have a happy life. Therefore, people need to concern about their daily food. This is because daily food creates their health. People feel happy when they eat delicious food. As a result, people eat good and delicious food have two good effect. In fact, a study showed that people who keep healthy lifestyles focus on the positive side of life compared with people who keep unhealthy lifestyles (Brown, 2013). This shows that healthy lifestyle is important for people’s positive life. Thus, people have to be more careful their health is connected to their happy life.
	A final effective way to have a happy life is to go to travel. First, travel give many experience. People enjoy to make traditional industrial art objects, eat special products, and see many traditional buildings. People can spend unusual time on a journey. In addition, people can make new relationship on traveling, so sightseeing spot have many visitor. A new friend teaches new things and information for them. People can more enjoy to sightseeing and stay a hotel.  Good experience makes people happy. Second, travel can enjoy any day. This is because, travel has three parts. First part is preparation when before travel. Second part is that stay on a journey; the most interesting part. Final part is that talk about their memory. One travel please people three times. People can remember happy memory when they stay difficult situation. People can enjoy to make a plan with their friends or family members. In addition, recently people can share their photo and massage on time by using social networking sites. Thus, if people go to travel, they can get an effective way to have a happy life.
	In conclusion, this essay have explained three effective ways to have a happy life: it including social life, good health, and travel. If people want to have happy life, they have to think all quality of lifestyle, health condition, and a journey.
As a result, people can get a happy life.

