Homelessness in Japan

Introduction
	Homelessness can be defined as somebody who doesn’t have a house in which to live. Different kinds of homelessness include primary homelessness and secondary homelessness. Primary homelessness is when people don’t have home in which to sleep, they sleep in the outside. Secondary homelessness is when people don’t have no home of their own, they live in homeless shelters and other places, for example friends’ house, and net cafes. Homelessness is as old as human society. However, it stared to become more serious problem in modern times, because building houses become more difficult, so people can’t build their own houses (Suzuki, 2011). In other words, the number of homeless people is increasing recently. The number of homeless people in the world is estimated about 100 million, but many people think the real number may be much higher (Suzuki, 2011). Therefore, homelessness become serious problem in the world now. 
In Japan, the problem of homelessness has serious effects to some group of people more than others. The most serious affected group is men in Japan. Japanese government has estimated that the number of homelessness people in Japan is about 25,000, but no more than 1,000 of Japan’s 25,000 homeless people are woman and almost not children (Suzuki 2011). In other words, almost all Japanese homeless people are men. This mean that almost all victim of homelessness in Japan are men. Most men are worker in Japan, so it affects Japanese society.
This homelessness has two important negative effects. First, homelessness has negative effects to society. If homeless peoples become illness, they can’t pay doctor’s pay. Therefore, government paid homelessness treatment fee by tax. Also, government build homeless shelters paying in tax. As a result, homeless people spend society money. Second, homelessness has their selves’ health problem. Homeless people don’t have enough money, so they can’t eat enough food, and they can’t sleep at good condition. Therefore, homeless people become illness more than other people.
This problem, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: lack of affordable housing. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.

Cause
One cause of homelessness in Japan is a lack of reasonable housing. Homelessness cause people don’t have house, so housing is one cause of homelessness. In Japan, most people pay all cost of housing without supporting of government, and Japanese housing are very expensive. Japan is lack of housing built by government, so almost Japanese people live house that build and owned by the their selves. Therefore, chance of getting house supported by government is low in japan. If poor people can’t get government support, they can’t live in house. As a result, people become homelessness. In addition, Japanese housing is very expensive. If people want to live in a comfortable apartment or a house, they should not pay only rent of apartment or house, but also other expenses, for example, gas, electricity, and water rates. Therefore, it needs a lot of money to live in comfortable house in Japan. In fact, the average of cost a small one room apartment in Tokyo is \100,000 per month in rent (Kirino, 2013). In other words, if you want to live in comfortable hose in Japan, you should high expenses. Therefore, it is difficult for poor people to live in house in Japan. As a result, poor Japanese people become homelessness. This result is high rate of homelessness in Japan. Unless government do more supports of poor people, the problem of homelessness in Japan will continue.


Solution
	One possible solution to this problem is to build more public houses. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government. The focus of this solution would be to make Japanese people can live public houses with a fewer money than live house that built and owned by their selves. Japanese houses are very expensive, so it is difficult for poor people to pay this money. As a result, poor people become homelessness. If there are more public houses built by Japanese government in Japan, these people can live in the public house. According to this proposed solution, bear of housing cost would become low because public houses pay fewer money than private houses. Also, if Japanese government built public houses, the number of houses is increased. Therefore, the chance of people living house is increased in Japan. As a result, the number of homeless people in Japan is decreasing. 
	This solution has three benefits. First, it can help poor people. If people want to live comfortable houses, they needs a lot of cost that to live in houses. Therefore, poor people can’t live houses, so if there are public houses, poor people can live in comfortable house easily. Secondly, it can help younger people. Public houses are reasonable. Therefore, the chance of young people live in hoses is increased. Finally, it affect people’s lives. Public houses of cost are not expensive, so people can spend money to other things. Therefore, if people can live in public house, they can live more comfortable lives.

Conclusion
	Homelessness in Japan is a problem that Japan cannot afford to ignore. Not only homeless people are affected negative, but also Japanese society is affected negative by homelessness. This essay has discussed one main cause of this homelessness: a lack of affordable housing. This essay has offered one possible solution. The Japanese government should build more public houses. Not only would decrease the number of homeless people, but also I would make people’s lives more comfortable. However, this solution has one important limitation: this solution need a lot of money. Building public house cost much money. In addition, keeping public houses needs money, so government should spend much money to this solution, but it is important to try it. Unless the Japanese government do more efforts to solve this problem, the number of homelessness in Japan will continue to increase.

















References

Kirino,A(2013).Cause of Homelessness in Japan: Housing. Retrieved January 10th, 2014, from www.japaninfo.com/304

Suzuki,H.(2011).Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from www.socialproble.org/ 

