Homelessness in Japan.
Introduction 
	Homeless can be defend as people who does not have regular place to live stays in an overnight emergency shelter, on abandoned building or living all-night shop or living in a car. These things can be divide 2 things, which is primary homeless and secondary homeless. Primary homeless people are living in outs side such as streets or under the bridges or in the park this types homeless are very serious problem. Secondary homeless are no place to live but they living in inside the place which is homeless shelter or other look after place (Suzuki, 2011). Homeless problems become more common in modern time. First law for against homeless in 1383 and in this laws said you people are homeless, they should go to prison. First example of homeless shelter is from New York in 1872 (Suzuki, 2011).
	Japan also have serious homeless problems but, it very different to another countries. In the world many people who are homeless are women or child but in Japan almost homeless people are men which is over 50 years old. Homeless population are also problem because, government said there are 25000 people are homeless. This number is not reliable because, this number is only count live in same place people however, many homeless people move a lot so government did not count these people (Suzuki, 2011). This means that this government homeless number is just tip of iceberg. This number is actually more high and getting more serious.
	This homeless problem has two negative effect which is health problems and social problems. First, if people are homeless, they can not get any medical supports. People who are homeless usually they lost a job so do not have enough money and do not have insurance certificate. It means if homeless people got injure or sick they can not go to hospital. Second, if people are homeless, their relationship will be very small. Usually, homeless people feel isolated from society because, they living by myself and hard to contact to families or friends (Suzuki, 2011). The effect of this is that homeless people feel very lonely and they might be suicide. 
	This problem, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reason, it is important to understand why this problem exist. The problem of Japanese homeless has number of causes, but this easy will focus on one: unemployment. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause 
	One main cause of poverty among homeless problem in Japan is a lack of stable employment. Why this problem happen very often because, if you do not have job, you can not get money. If you do not have enough money, you can not pay house payment or other life’s expenses. In Japan, most of homeless comes out from 1990’s. When this years, Japan got a serious economy problems which call Japanese collapse of bubble economy. In this time, many Japanese employee lay off and lots of people lost their jobs, because of company want to reduce cost for jobs (Murakami, 2012).it means if company’s economy getting bad, number of homeless people will be increase. Another cause of homeless people is that old people’s employee problem. In Japan, if people laid off by company it is very hard for getting new job because of age problem. If people who are laid off by company is over 50 years old it is impossible for finding job and also if man are single the parentage of getting job will be decrease. In fact, Japanese company believe men with family will work very hard to support their families (Tanaka, 2012). In other words, if men didn’t get married and laid off from the company, company will not trust the people who does not married and company will not give the job. This results in high rate of homeless people in Japan. Unemployment is the big cause of homeless problem and people should do something for it. 
Solution 
	One possible solution to the problem of homeless problem in Japan is make a law and protect the people who laid off by company. The solution would be implemented by the Japanese government and Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, which, control the company’s labor environment. The forces of this solution would be make more chance to getting job for people who laid off by company. Now in Japan if people lose their job, they are very hard to find new job. Government should make new low for protect employees and help the company when economy is bad and the company business deteriorated. When company do not have enough money, company want to become a reduce of the business cost so it means cut the old peoples. For this problem government or Ministry of Health, Labour should make money and give money to company then company will be stop the faired the employee. Moreover, government should make something like job organization. This organization will assist the people who lost job and over 40 or 50 years old people such as help find the job. Government also should tell company which is if people do not marred anybody, people can working very hard. 
	This solution has two benefits. First, it would be very effective. If Japanese economy will be bad and many company got a money problem, government will make a money and give it the company swiftly. Second, this solution is very good for lost job people who is over 50. If this solution is working, government will helping finding the job and company will know that it does not matter the working ability is depends on to marred or not. This is very effective way to reduce homeless people rate in Japan.
Conclusion 
	Homeless problem in Japan is a problem that Japan can not afford to ignore. It is very serious problem in because of now in Japanese economy is very bad and TV NEWS said many people lied off by company. This problem will big problem in Japan. This essay had discussed on main cause of this homeless problem: lack of stable employment. This is very serious problem and hard to solving out, but this essay has offered one possible solution for this problem. The Japanese government and Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare make new law and protect employee and company with money and also government make new job organization and assist the people who lost the job especially, age over 50 years old. However, this solution has one limitation which is money. If this solution will work, it need lots of costs and government should make money from somewhere. For example if government decided to increase the tax rate it can make lots of money but, if they want to do this, government should make more good enhancement of social security system like Sweden. So government should work more. Unless the Japanese government make real effort and try to solving out this problem, the number of homeless rate will be increase.
 References
Murakami, H. (2012). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Unemployment.
 Retrieved December 25th, 2013, from www.dmu.ed/emt304

Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved 15th, 2014, from	www.socialproblem.org/ 
