Homelessness in Japan
Introduction
	Homelessness can be defined as people doesn’t have home and they can’t live their home for some reasons (Suzuki, 2011). However, homelessness has a lot of different types. For example, there are a lot of people who doesn’t have home of their own, but they can stay their family or friends. It is not called homeless people in official statistics. Homeless people can separate two types. It’s primary and secondary homelessness. Primary homelessness is most serious type of homelessness. Homeless people live under the bridge, subway, and park. Secondary homelessness is that they live in homeless shelters and other inside place. They don’t sleep outside. Homeless people exists for long ago, but recently homelessness appears common. One reason is houses become complex, so homeless people can't have their own houses. In 1383, England government made a low about against homelessness. This law means that people who losing their home could be put in prison. England government also made the low about homelessness in 19th century. The low's content is if homeless people were arrested by the police many times, they would give the penalty of death. New York government made homeless shelter, it was the earliest example. A lot of developed counties build homeless shelters, but problems of homelessness is still serious problem in the world.
People don't know how many homeless people in the world. Almost countries don't count the number of homeless. In addition, there are a lot of definition about homelessness. There are 100 million homeless people in the world that is the best quotation now. However, many people think the real number would be more increasing. 
Further, people can't expect exactly number of homeless people in Japan. The government has said that there are about 25,000 homeless people in Japan, with Osaka the city with the higher number of homeless people (Suzuki, 2011). People expect Osaka has about 8,000 homeless people, but this statistics can't trust. Homeless people doesn't sleep the same place every day. They move a lot of place, and they change their sleeping spaces. Because of this, the government can't actually count statistics on homelessness. They can't count the number of moving homeless people. For that reason, the number of homeless people may be higher than 25,000 by Japanese government. The kinds of people who becomes homeless is very different between Japan and other countries. Almost other countries have a lot of number which children and women become homeless. However, fewer than 1,000 of Japan's 25,000 homeless people are women, and almost none are children (Suzuki, 2011). In Japan, the almost homeless is single and over 50 age men, but there are also a lot of young people who become homeless. There are many young men homeless in internet cafes. 
Homelessness gives two negative effect for people. First, they want to escape their situation, so they tend to drink too alcohol, and use drugs. In addition, homelessness is very unhealthy. Because, they are poor, so they can't go to hospital, and they can't eat enough foods.
This problem, therefore, affects all Japanese people, so Japanese people should understand why this problem exists. The problem of homelessness has a lot of causes, but this essay will focus on one: Social Welfare. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause
One cause of problem is poor social welfare in Japan. Social welfare is money, if people are trouble in their life because of poor, they would receive money from government. Recently, Japanese government gives amount of money for people who are in money trouble. 1,349,230 people in Japan received welfare payments in 1975. In 1995 only 882,229 people were given welfare payments (Abe, 2010). In fact, poor people wants to get welfare is increasing, but the number of people receiving welfare is decreasing. This is because Japanese government doesn't spend much money for poor people. This problem also tied the way that Japanese traditional structure has recently changed. There are two main changing. First, the average of the number of people who live the same house is decreasing. It is 4.1 people to 2.7 people per house in the last forty years (Ave, 2011). Second, the rate of divorce is increasing now. It increases about 300% from forty years ago. These number is meaning that Japanese people tend to live alone compared to the past. It is serious problem because if they were trouble in their money, they could be helped their families. However, people who are trouble in money can't rely on their family now. In fact, Japanese government wants to spend less social welfare. It means people can't ask helping their families. As a result, they become homeless inevitably. This result in high rates of people live alone. Unless something is done to make more government give social welfare for poor people, homelessness will continue to be a problem.
Solution
One possible solution to this problem is government should change the conditions of social welfare. This solution would be implemented by Japanese government. The focus of this solution would be to make people receive social welfare more easily. Although Japan has a low about social welfare, a lot of people can't receive enough social welfare, so government should change the conditions. According to this proposed solution, people can receive social welfare more easily. At first, people have to have their own address, but almost homeless people don't have their own address, so they can't receive social welfare. Furthermore, not everyone is receiving social welfare, so government should reduce the amount of per capita, more people are able to receive social welfare. There are example of changing conditions about social welfare.
This solution has two benefits. First, a lot of homeless people can escape their situation. If they social welfare were able to receive without their own address, a lot of homeless people would receive it. It's a very positive for them. Second, if people could receive more easily, Japanese economic would become better. Not only homeless people, but also other people like single mother can receive social welfare more easily too. Therefore, many people pay their money, so Japanese economic become better, and it causes decreasing poor people. Changing social welfare conditions will give a lot of benefits for people. 
 
Conclusion
Homelessness is a big problem in Japan. People should solve this problem early. In Japan, homelessness has a lot of kind. For example, over 50 age people and young people. Moreover, the number continues increasing. This essay has discussed one cause of homelessness: Social Welfare. It's very difficult problem, but this essay has suggested a possible solution. The Japanese government should change Social welfare conditions. It is able to help many poor people who can't receive social welfare for some reasons. However, this solution has a problem; Japanese government doesn't have enough money to help every poor people. Therefore, government should make more positive economics at first, and they should do fiscal reconstruction. This solution isn't perfect, but the problem will be better than now. Unless Japanese government makes a real effort to solve this problem, the number of homelessness will continue to increase.
Reference
Abe, Y. (2010). Causes of Bullying in Japan: Social Welfare. Retrieved January 30th, 
2014, from www.japanwelfaresystem.pdf/4ei5

Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from 		www.socialproblem.org/
