Homelessness in Japan 
Introduction
	Homeless can be defined as people who don’t have house. Different kinds of homeless include people who don’t have own house. For example, they are live in the houses of friends or family or internet café. Homelessness is not only the modern social problem. Homelessness had existed from the old days. However, there are many type of housing in today. Moreover, housing have developed and been expensive. Therefore, everyone have been difficult to buy own house. Homelessness is very serious problem all over the world. Moreover, many developed country have public homeless shelters. 
	In Japan, homelessness is very serious problems. According to Japanese government statistics, about 25,000 people are homeless (Murakami, 2012). It’s not small number. In Japan, Osaka has the most homeless people, and there are about 8000 homeless people (Murakami, 2012). In Osaka, there are quite a few homeless people. However, I must tell about one thing. It’s that this statistics is not very exact. It’s because homeless people move around every night, so counting homeless people correctly is very difficult. Therefore, many people say that there are more than 25,000 homeless people.
	In Japan, homelessness give a lot of negative effects for Japanese society. I will tell about two important negative effects. First, health of homeless give negative effect for society. This health includes not only physical health but also mental health. Almost homeless people is not hygienic because they can’t afford to take a bath and a shower. Moreover, homeless people can’t live hygienic place because they don’t have house. These situation lead to a disease. Therefore, homeless people die younger than normal people. In other hands, almost homeless people are lonely. Almost homeless people lost contact with family and friends. Therefore, homeless people feel depressed, and homeless people have mental disease. Next, homeless people drink much alcohol to forget these situation. Drinking much alcohol hurt their health. Sometimes, homeless people have alcohol dependency. This negative effect is a vicious circle. Second, supporting homelessness cost a lot of money. If homelessness people increase, Japan need more homeless shelter and other social welfare for homelessness. It needs a lot of cost. Today, Japanese government have a lot of debt. Increasing social welfare for homelessness is not good for Japanese government.
	This problem, therefore, affects not only problem of homeless people but also Japanese society. For this reason, it is important to understand why this problem exists. The problem of homelessness has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: housing. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.

Cause
	One cause of homelessness in Japan is housing. Housing have important two cause of homelessness. First, there are not enough houses in Japan. Second, Japanese house is very expensive because there are not enough housing in Japan. In Japan, there are not enough housing. Housing that are made by Japanese government are few. In other country, a lot of poor people live in housing that are built by Japanese government. In Japan, almost housing is private. Moreover, Japanese company have housing to live employees of this company. However, housing that are built by Japanese company are declining. It’s because of Japanese depression from 1990s to now. In these years, Japanese economy have gotten worse. A lot of company went bankrupt. Moreover, employees of company that went bankrupt lost their job. Employees who live in company’s housing also lost their house. Japanese house is very expensive because there are not enough housing in Japan. Moreover, a lot of Japanese homeless people have a job. It is not common in other country. However, Japanese homeless people can’t buy their housing by their salary. Moreover, Tokyo and Osaka have a lot of homeless people in Japan. Tokyo and Osaka are also the city that rent is very high. In fact, 40 percent of Japanese homeless people have a job (Kirino, 2013). This information shows that a lot of Japanese homeless people work. I’m very surprised at this information. It’s because I think many homeless people can’t work by their mental health or alcohol dependency. Many homeless people work in Japan but homeless people can’t live own house. If this situation continue, homelessness in Japan will get worse or continue. 

Solution
One possible solution to the problem of homelessness in Japan is to build public housing. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government and Japanese local government. The focus of this solution would be to make more public housing by Japanese government and local government. In Japan, there are not enough housing. Building more public housing can increase Japanese housing. According to this proposed solution, Japanese government and local government need to build more public house. However, buying a land and building new housing needs a lot of cost. Making over old housing is better than building new housing. It’s because the cost of making over old housing is cheaper than the cost of building new housing. Moreover, empty housing is very serious problem in Japan now. Empty housing is very dangerous. It’s because there are fear of a fire and a hiding place of bad people. Therefore, this solution is aiming at not only increasing Japanese housing, but also decreasing empty housing. There is a one important point of this solution. Increasing housing is aiming at decreasing homeless people. Therefore, the rent of public housing have to be cheaper. If the rent expect to be high, this public house must build the cheaper land. The costs of making over old housing is used for a money of tax increase.
	This solution has two benefits. First, the cost of this solution is not expensive. It’s because the government and local government do more making over old house than building new housing in this solution. Therefore, this solution doesn’t need a lot of costs. Second, this solution can solve not only increasing house, but also decreasing empty housing. Empty housing have some dangerous aspects. For example, there are fear of a fire and a hiding place of bad people. This bad people means bad boys, girls and a gangster. It’s very effective.

Conclusion
	This essay has discussed about homelessness. Homelessness is very serious problem in Japan. However, homelessness is not only problem in Japan, but also all over the world. This essay discussed one main cause of homelessness: housing. This is that there are not enough housing in Japan. It’s very important cause of homelessness. However, this essay has offered one possible solution. The Japanese government and local government should build public housing. This public housing is not only building new public housing, but also a lot of public housing that make over. Moreover, this solution can solve not only increasing housing, but also decreasing empty housing. However, this solution has one important limitation. First, this solution needs some cost. The cost decreased but the cost is not cheap. Financial affairs of Japanese government and local government are not good. It is important limitation point. Second, homeless people may not live these new public housing. It’s because some homeless people don’t move another place. Unless the Japanese government makes a real effort to solve this problem, homeless people will continue to increase. 








References

Murakami, H. (2012). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Unemployment. Retrieved December 25th, 2013, from www.dmu.ed/emt304

Kirino, A. (2013). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Housing. Retrieved January 10th, 2014, from www.japaninfo.com/304
