The Problem of Homelessness in Japan

Introduction
	Homelessness can be defined as person who does not have a home in which to live (Suzuki, 2011). This means that homeless people are not convenient to live. For example, if homeless people want to the toilet, they cannot be immediately toilet. Homeless people had not become homeless because they suddenly lost a house. They continue unstable labor, and gradually approaching to the homeless. Different kinds of homelessness include two types homelessness. Primary homelessness is when people live on the streets, in parks or under bridges. This is the most serious kind of homelessness. Secondary homelessness is when people have no place of their own live, but usually do not sleep outside. They sleep in homeless shelters and other places that look after people who cannot look after themselves (Suzuki, 2011). Homeless history is very long. The earliest known law against homelessness comes from England in 1383 (Suzuki, 2011). In Japan, have also a serious problem. Although Japan is one of the rich country, number of homeless should try to improve the decrement. 
	In Japan, the problem of homelessness affects all people who is to live in Japan. In Japan, the government has said that there are about 25,000 homeless people in Japan, with Osaka the city with the highest number of homeless people (Suzuki, 2011). In addition, this just is not. People who do not sleep the same place night after night are not actually counted in government statistics on homelessness (Suzuki, 2011). This means that in Japan, homeless people how many there are more than 25,000.
	Homelessness has two important negative effects. First, homeless has become bad health. Homeless people cannot eat well. Nutritional balance deteriorates of their body’s. Finally, they cannot spend to enjoy life. They almost spend on street every day. So that, it would not rest mind. 
	Despite there is this problem from long ago, it is still cited as a major problem. Therefore, affects people who is to live in Japan. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: a lack of stable employment. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.

Cause
	One cause of homelessness in Japan is a lack of stable employment. If homeless people cannot work, they cannot get money. Homelessness started to become a significant problem in Japan in the 1990s (Murakami, 2012). Japan's economy has fallen since the 1990s. The Japanese company at the time was trying to rebuild the management by reducing the employer. In this way, the poor state of Japan’s economy over the last twenty years has become the biggest cause of unemployment (Murakami, 2012). In addition, the problem of becoming homeless is ageism in the employment market. People of Japan of the homeless is very often people over 50 years of age. The company is looking for a young employer, so even homeless people cannot get to a stable job. In addition, Japanese companies place a high value on young married workers. This is because they believe men with families will work very hard to support their families (Murakami, 2012). This means that Companies want to employ young people who have family than those who is over 50 years of age. To ensure a stable employment is necessary for homeless people. If they do not find a job, they will have live with less money. This results in homelessness. Unless something is done to increase the employment homelessness in Japan will continue to be a problem.

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of homelessness in Japan is to make some new companies. This solution would be implemented by not only Japanese government and the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, but also Prefecture and city of city hall, which make some new companies that homeless can work. The focus of this solution would be to make it easier for more than 50 years old men to start working. Most of current companies need young people because there is a possibility in the future. Therefore, more than 50 years old of many homeless is not applicable to the adoption of the target companies. According to this proposed solution, all homeless people can work in a new companies. The Japanese government should make the new companies that can also serve more than 50 years of homeless. In particular, because they have taken the age, it would be good easy task that such as assembling and packed in boxes. In addition, each companies will build a dormitory for workers live. The Japanese government should give workers a salary commensurate. Although homeless people were alive with the help of a lot of people, they becomes possible to continue to live in themselves. 
	This solution has two benefits. First, city of landscape will be better because homeless become disappeared from place where was originally because they work in new company. People may gather by city is clean, and it means that city will lead to be activated. Finally, It can be used to be different the money that had been used for the homeless. When homeless was in the city, It is possible to reduce the money that has been used, and It is possible to use that money for beautification city. 

Conclusion
	Homelessness in Japan is a problem that Japan cannot afford to ignore. It affects all people who is to live in Japan. This essay has discussed one main cause of this homelessness: a lack of a stable employment. This is a complicated problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. The Japanese government should make it easier for more than 50 years old men to start working by the Japanese government make a new company. In addition, each company should build dormitory for workers live. However, this solution has one important limitation; some homeless people think that is tight to work. Solving the lack of motivation is an important start, but more needs to be done. Unless the Japanese government makes a real effort to solve this problem, the number of homeless people live on street will continue to increase.





References

Murakami, H. (2012). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Unemployment. Retrieved December 25th, 2013, from www.dmu.ed/emt304

Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from www.socialproblrm.org/
