
Homelessness in Japan

Introduction
	Homelessness can be defined as people who do not have a home in which to live. There are some different types of homelessness. For example, there are a lot of people who sleep in the houses of their families and friends, but they do not have houses of their own. People of this type are not defined as homelessness in official statistics. Different kinds of homelessness include primary homelessness and secondary homelessness by The United Nations. First, primary homelessness is people who live in parks or under bridges, and on the streets. This type is the almost of homelessness. Second, secondary homelessness is people who do not have their houses to sleep, but usually do not sleep outside. They sleep in homeless shelter and other places. The homelessness problem has always existed in human society, but this problem become the bigger and bigger problem in the modern time now. The first law for the homelessness was made in England in 1383. The homelessness had be put in prison because they do not have their houses by this law. In next law in 16th, when homelessness were caught by police more than once, they were receive death penalty.  
	The issue of homelessness become the big problem in Japan in late years, and the Japanese government cannot recognize the accurate number of homelessness. The government said that the number of homelessness is about 25000 in Japan (Suzuki, 2011). Almost of them is men who is single and over age of 50 (Suzuki, 2011). However, this statistics are not very reliable, because some of the homelessness or almost of the homelessness may not sleep all the time at the same place (Suzuki, 2011). Thus the government cannot recognize correct the number of homelessness. In other words, probably there will be more the correct number of homelessness than the 25000 in Japan by the government (Suzuki, 2011). At first, the Japanese government should recognize the accurate number of homelessness in Japan.
	Homelessness has two important negative effects. First, homelessness have the health negative problem. This is because they cannot take enough nourishment and spend enough warm place, or afford to go to hospital. Thus, it will be difficult to regain the healthy body if people would become homelessness once. Second, Homelessness also feel loneliness and isolation, because they do not have way to contact their families and friends. This is one of the cause depression to them. Sometimes, it causes suicide. People may be more severe in isolation than unhealthy. These are homelessness health and mental negative problems. 
	This problem become the big problem which people cannot ignore in Japan, therefore, affect Japanese all people. For this reason, it is important to understand why this problem exists. The problem of homelessness in Japan has a number of cause, but this essay will focus on one: unemployment. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.

Causes
	One cause of homelessness in Japan is a lack of stable employment. The time which homelessness problem became serious in Japan was the same time which economy of Japan having been recession in the 1990s (Murakami, 2012). When Japan’s economy is recession, each Japanese companies need to reduce costs. One of the cost cuts is reduction of personnel expenses, so employers dismiss some workers from their companies. If people do not have work, the people cannot earn money. If people cannot earn money, the people cannot get their houses. This is obvious. Thus, this lack of stable employment is the big cause of homelessness. There is also the problem called ageism in the job market in Japan. This is the problem that it is difficult to find a new jobs for almost of the person over 50 age. This is because young worker’s value is higher than old worker’s it in almost of companies. In addition, the companies need young married workers, because they believe men’s young workers with families will work harder to help their families than men’s old workers. Therefore, many men of 40s to 50s were dismissed by their companies in last 20 years. Some of them who lost a job become homelessness. Another problem is that dismissed people cannot receive enough pension. This is because people cannot receive a pension until 65 years old. This is also one of the causes that some of dismissed people become homelessness. The unemployment rate was 2% of people who could work in 1992, but this rate increased to 6% in 2010 (Murakami, 2012). People may think this increase of 4% is small problem. However, this means that this 4% is increase of millions of people unemployment. This is a tremendous number. If all this number of people become homelessness, Japan will become full with homelessness. This results in high rates of a lack of stable employment cause of homelessness. Unless the Japanese government solve this unemployment problem, Japan will increase homelessness people more and more.

Solution
	One possible solution to this problem is that the Japanese government make new employment system of the Japanese companies for elderly people. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government and the Japanese companies. The focus of this solution would be to improve to the elderly people who lost their jobs may become homelessness. It is difficult to find a new job for the people over 50 years old in Japan. This is problem called the ageism. According to this proposed solution, their unemployment rate will fall. If the dismissed people over 50 years old may become homelessness, the Japanese government should make the new employment system for them. When companies dismiss some their elderly workers for a cost cut, the companies let the workers reduce their income and give different work. Of course, the companies should give them easier work as much as the companies reduced their income. In other words, it is a system to give the simple work such as trivial routine duties instead of dismissing elderly workers. For example, it is the work that a part-timer do such as cleaning of the floor and the putting in order.  
	This solution has two benefits. First, the Japanese government can reduce the rate which people over 50 years old may become homelessness. This is because the government can reduce their unemployment rate by this system. Second, the companies can save their money. This is because the companies can use the money for elderly workers instead of employing part-timers. Economy of Japan may become the prosperity by each companies saving money. Then, the unemployment rate will decrease more. 

Conclusion
	The homelessness problem is the big problem which Japanese people cannot ignore in Japan now.  Homelessness is defined as people do not have houses to live in. The number of homelessness increase more and more per years. This essay has discussed one main cause of this homelessness problem: a lack of stable employment. Dismissed people from their companies who are over 50 years old may become homelessness. This essay has offered one possible solution. It is to make the new employment system for elderly people. This new system is performed by the Japanese government and each companies. However, this solution has one important limitation: There is it whether elderly workers can abandons their pride and they can do trivial routine duties. In other words, they can forget conventional their work and they can work only for money whether or not. However, if Japanese people do not receive this new employment system, the number of homelessness is increase more and more in Japan. Continuing this situation, Japan may be filled with homelessness. 





References
Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from www. Socialproblem.org/

Murakami, H. (2012). Cause of Homelessness in Japan: Unemployment. Retrieved December 25th, 2013, from www.dmu.ed/emt304

