
Homelessness in Japan
Introduction
	Homelessness can be defined as someone doesn’t have a house to go home. However, homelessness includes a lot of different types of homelessness. It means that a lot of people who doesn’t own their home, but they sleep at the houses of family and friends. These sorts of people are not regarded as homelessness in official statistics. The United Nations says that it can be classified into two types of homelessness: main homelessness and minor homelessness. Main homelessness is considered as people who live on the streets, in parks or under bridges. This represents the most grave kind of homelessness. Minor homelessness is that people don’t own their house to live, but they usually do not stay outside. They own homeless shelters and sleep in there. 
	 Homelessness was always given a lot of coverage in human society, but homelessness problem become very serious presently because houses are much more complicated state, so that people cannot build their own house. The earliest law for homelessness in England took in 1383. This law says that people who don’t own their home could be put in prison. England even had a law saying that if the police arrested a person for homelessness more than once, that person could receive the death penalty. There is example of a homeless shelters is from New York in 1872. Although a system of homeless shelters is made in developed countries, homelessness maintain brave problem all over the world. We hardly count exactly a number of homeless people there are in the world at present. Many countries do not count the number of homeless people they have, and each country has a different definition of homeless. The best estimate we have is that the number of homeless people think the real number is probably much higher. It is also difficult to say exactly how many homeless people there are in Japan. The government has said that there are about 25,000 homeless people in Japan, with Osaka the city with the highest number of homeless people. Osaka is the thought to have about 8,000 homeless people. However, these statistics are not very reliable (Suzuki, 2011).
	Homelessness affects people negatively in a number of ways. First, it will give negative effect to health homeless health state. Homeless people trend to die when they were young. This is why they cannot get enough food, usually sleep outside and force to live in very cold or hot conditions. Moreover, this is also why they have no money to visit doctor. So, many homeless people exert themselves to escape their situation with drinking alcohol. However, this will give the damage to their health state. Homelessness bring negative effect to their mental health state because they feel lonely. Once they become homeless, they rarely communicate with their families and friends, so they lead a lonely life. This bring depression to their mental health state. Sometimes this also cause them to suicide. 
	This problem, therefore, affects homeless people. For this reason, it is important to understand why this problem exists. The problem of homelessness has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: stable employment environment is poor in Japan. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.

Cause
One main cause of homelessness in Japan is unstable employment. Employment environments are unstable when it doesn’t protect workers from receiving the rejection. In Japan, unstable employment is a result of recession. And then, when the economy got gradually worse, Japan biggest companies have no choice but to reduce costs. The main method of reducing costs is often considered as reducing the number of workers they employ. This means that they lay off their workers. In this way, the poor state of Japan’s economy over the last twenty years has become the biggest cause of unemployment. This unemployment is the biggest cause of homelessness. The increase in unemployment over the last twenty years or so has been significant. The unemployment rate was about 2% of people who could work in 1992. This is a very low rate of unemployment compared to many other countries. However, by 2010 this had increased to 6%. This may not seem like a large increase, but a 4% change represents an increase of millions of people do some small amount of paid work (Murakami, 2012).　This means that they are not counted in the unemployed rate. The problem is not regular work. They cannot earn enough money to get a home. They also have no money to eat well. This give negative effect to homeless people’s health state or mental health state. Homelessness is becoming serious problem in Japanese society. Unless government are unconcerned about reducing the number of homeless people, the number of homeless people will continue to increase.

Solution
One possible solution to the problem of homelessness in Japan is to create the program which homeless people could work. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government and the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, which should require homeless people to take a course in vocational training. The focus of this solution is to give many opportunities which homeless people could work and earn money themselves. Although the homelessness problem is currently serious, the Japanese government hasn’t yet put into operation effective policies and enforce the rules. According to this proposed solution, homeless people who are aiming at returning to work wouldn’t have to pay money for taking a course in vocational training. They can freely select many course which they want to learn
This solution has a benefits. It never become homeless people again. Because they can take a course in various vocational training which they want to learn and they can do work which they close to take a course in vocational training.

Conclusion
Homelessness in Japanese society is a problem that Japan cannot afford to ignore. Because they suffer from many trouble by themselves and have no person who help them to take care. This essay has discussed one main cause of this homelessness: unstable employment in Japan. This is a serious problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. The Japanese government should make vocational training program for homeless people returning to work. This would ensure that the job which they got again can extend over a long period. However, this solution has one important limitation: it is that the company may not employ homeless people. This means that the company regard homeless people as not good. Solving the problem of the homelessness in Japan is an important start, but more needs to be done. Unless the Japanese government make vocational training program for homeless people returning to work, homelessness problem will not improve.   



 
 References

Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from www.socialproblem.org/

Murakami, H. (2012). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Unemployment. Retrieved December 25th , 2013, from www.dmu.ed/emt304

