Discuss the problem of Homelessness in Japan
Introduction
Homelessness means that people are the state of having nowhere to live. There are two forms of homelessness. First of all, people does not have their home, but they live other people house such as families and friends. These people does not include homeless in official statistics. There are mainly two types of homelessness in United Nations: primary homelessness and secondary homelessness. Primary homelessness is the state of people live streets, in parks or under bridge. Their life is most serious. Secondary homelessness is the state of people doesn’t sleep outside, but they have no home. They live in homeless shelters and other places. Historically, homelessness always existed from started human society, but homelessness became important issues of the day because people could not build their house. People made homeless shelters for the first time from New York in 1872 (Suzuki, 2011). Most developed countries made homeless shelters, but homelessness problem continues to be serious all over the world.
In Japan, the problem of homeless people is serious problem. It is difficult that people know exactly numbers of homeless people all over the world now. We estimated the homeless people in the world is about 100 million, but real number of homeless people is much higher than 100millions (Suzuki, 2011). Moreover it is difficult that people know exactly numbers of homeless people in Japan. The government said that there are about 25,000 homeless people in Japan, and Osaka is the highest number of people in Japan. (Suzuki, 2011).However this statistics are not exactly because homeless people who move around does not count this statistics. Therefore homeless people in Japan are much higher than 25,000 (Suzuki, 2011). This means that government can’t catch information of all homeless people. Homeless problem is very serious. 
Homelessness has a main negative effects. First, homeless people become poor physical condition. Homeless people tend to die young, because they can’t go hospital, can’t eat enough foods, and have to live where is very cold. They want to escape their life, so they drink more alcohol. Moreover homeless have a negative influence on mental health, because they are very loneliness. They break down communication with family and friends. If, homelessness become poor physical condition, they can’t find new job.
Therefore, this problem is very serious problem in Japan. It is very important to understand why this problem exists. The problem of homelessness has a numbers of causes, but this essay will focus on one: a lack of affordable housing. It will suggest a possible solution to this problem.

Cause 
	One main cause of homelessness in Japan is a lack of affordable housing. Japan are not numbers of houses for all Japanese people because houses in Japan are very expensive. For one reason, government has not built houses for the Japanese people. In Japan, people has built privately, by families or companies. It is natural in Japan, but in other many developed country has built houses for helping poor people. This means that if houses are expensive, poor people can live house. However, Japan is very little of houses that it built by government. This reason, it is very common that large Japanese company provide house for employees, but an economic crisis happened in the 1990s and 2000s, so many people lost their jobs and their houses. The result of many people became homeless by losing their jobs. 
	Second reason, Japanese houses are expensive. It is unusual that people who have jobs become homeless, 40% of homeless people in having jobs (Kirino, 2012). If people have jobs, they can’t afford to pay rent. One reason for why the highest rates of homelessness in Tokyo and Osaka, there are most expensive cities. Even small apartment the cost of average is ¥100000per month in rent (Kirino, 2013). In the other words, the point at issue is Japanese housing system. Compared with other developed countries, Japanese government don’t help poor people because they never built houses for helping poor people. Moreover Japanese houses are very expensive. This result in high rate of homelessness. Unless Japan change housing system, homelessness problem will continue to be a problem.

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of homelessness is to add social security for homeless people. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government. The focus of this solution would be to make all Japanese people can live their home. Although Japan can receive unemployment insurance, it is difficult that homeless people receive it because they don’t have address. Responsible of unemployment insurance divide by districts in Japan, so if people don’t have address they can’t apply unemployment insurance. According to this proposed, if people don’t have their home, they can receive social security. There are two types of methods. Firstly, Japanese government make apartment for homeless people. Homeless people doesn’t need applying apartment using their address. Japanese government meet directory homeless people, and they confirm whether to be the true of homeless people statement.　Moreover, Japanese government have to pass a fair judgment because they use tax for building apartment. Secondly, Japanese government build apartment for homeless people at place of high rate homelessness. Homeless people collect Osaka and Tokyo, so Japanese government should numbers of apartment at this place (Suzuki, 2011). 
	This solution has two benefits. Firstly, if people doesn’t have their address, they can receive unemployment insurance, and rent apartment. If homeless people rent apartment, they can get their address. Moreover they can hunt for a job using this address because it is difficult that people who doesn’t have their address find a job. Secondly, if Japanese government build apartment in Osaka and Tokyo, it is easy that they get their job because there are more companies than other place.

Conclusion
	Homelessness is very serious problem in Japan. People have to become aware of this problem. This essay has discussed one main cause of homelessness: a lack of affordable housing. This is a difficult problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. The Japanese government should make to add social security for homeless people. If Japanese government build apartment, they can get their address. Moreover, if they build apartment at high rate of homelessness, it is easy that they can find a job. However, this solution has one important imitation; government has many money for building homelessness apartment. Japanese government needs to be reexamined about how they use tax. Unless the Japanese government have to change social security, the numbers of homelessness will continue to increase.

References
Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from www. socialproblem.org/

Kirino, A. (2013). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Housing. Retrieved January 10th, from www.japaninfo.com/304



