Discuss the problem of Homelessness in Japan
Introduction
	Homelessness can be defined as any person who does not have a home in which to live (Suzuki, 2011). There are two kinds of homelessness include primary homelessness and secondary homelessness. Primary homelessness is when people live on the streets, in parks or under bridges (Suzuki, 2011). Secondary homelessness is when people have no place of their own to live, but usually do not sleep outside. They usually sleep in homelessness shelters and other places (Suzuki, 2011). Historically, homelessness keeps existing in the society for a long time. In addition, homelessness becomes more common things in society. This is because complicated housing system makes people to build their house. The earliest law against was made from England in 1383 and the earliest example of homelessness shelter is from New York in 1872 (Suzuki, 2011). In this way, homelessness has two different types and long social history. 
	In Japan, it is difficult to count exactly how many homelessness people there are. Japanese government has said that there are about 25,000 homelessness people in Japan. In addition, Osaka prefecture has the highest number of homelessness people. This number of homelessness people in Osaka is about 8,000 people. Although there are statistics, it can’t be used as accurate information. This is because criteria of homelessness is different in each country. For example, not sleeping in same place is not allowed in Japan but United Nations is allowed this. 
	There are two negative effects of homelessness. Firstly, homelessness people have bad healthy condition. This is because homelessness people can’t afford to take nutritious meals well, they usually live in very cold condition and they can’t afford to visit hospital. Secondly, many homelessness people tend to have bad mental health because they feel lonely. This is because homelessness people once, they haven’t possibility to get contact with their family and friends. 
	This problem, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reason, all Japanese people should understand importance of homelessness. The problem of homelessness has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: bad Japanese housing problems. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem. 

Cause
	One of main cause of homelessness is bad housing problem. Japan has not affordable housing. There are two reasons. First, there are not enough houses for everyone in Japan (Kirino, 2013). Second, there are not enough houses, housing is very expensive (Kirino, 2013). Many developed countries’ government provides subsidized housing for poor people (Kirino, 2013). This means poor people who can’t have money enough to build their own house can live in houses that built and owned by the government. In short, poor people are able to live in house which government build. Unfortunately, Japan has no such systems. Japanese government has never built many houses (Kirino, 2013). In addition, Japanese company usually provide housing for their employees. The reason why Japanese government has never build housing and building is no demand for inexpensive government owned accommodation few years ago. In addition, increasing the number of people who lost their job in the 1990s to 2000s causes serious homelessness problem. This situation has created people who live in company for accommodation suddenly has no accommodation. In this way, many people who losing their job become homelessness. Another part of this problem is the high cost of housing in Japan. Surprisingly, some Japanese homelessness people has their own jobs. 40% of homelessness people in Japan do some paid work (Kirino, 2013). Although they work and receive payment, they can’t have their own house. This is because they can’t afford to pay rent. The reason why Tokyo and Osaka has the highest rate of homelessness people is that these city is most expensive cities in Japan for rent (Kirino, 2013). In addition, living in house is high costs except pay rent. For example, electricity gas and water bill. For these reason, people who can’t afford to pay such expenses become homelessness people. 

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of homelessness is that government build public housing for poor people who can’t afford to pay rent. This is because most people who can’t afford to pay rent and build their house becomes homelessness people. This solution would be implemented by Japanese government. In addition, Japanese government should establish the organization for public housing construction. This is because Japanese government have not such organization. If Japanese government have such organization, Japanese homelessness people would decreased gradually. The focus of this solution would be to decrease people who can’t afford to pay rent and build their housing. 
This solution has two benefits. First, living public housing can protect homelessness’s health condition. In particular, most homelessness become sick by exposing outside in winter. There are many causes of becoming sick in outside not only winter. For example, virus, eating food which pick up on the road, keep on being outside regardless weather. Living in housing can protect homelessness people from such terrible condition. Second, living public housing is never feel homelessness people a lonely. Most homelessness people try to escape their situation through alcohol because they feel lonely and isolated. Finally, this causes alcohol poisoning and bad health condition. If Japanese government build public housing for homelessness people, they would live in public housing together. There are a lot of communication each other. Living public housing together can them to feel not lonely. This makes them not to escape their situation through alcohol. In addition, this leads to better health condition of homelessness people. 

Conclusion
	Japanese homelessness problem is very serious problem for all Japanese people because there is a possibility for everyone to be homelessness suddenly. In addition, homelessness people lose their friends, family, good health condition and good mental health. One main causes of homelessness in Japan is bad housing problem. This contains not enough houses for everyone in Japan and housing is very expensive. In Japan, there are a lot of people who can’t pay expenses for living although they are working. There is solution, government should build public housing. This is because most people who can’t afford to pay rent and build their house becomes homelessness people. Japanese government should be establish the organization for public housing construction and build public housing. However, this solution has difficult point to realize: ensuring the financial resources to build public housing and enough land. This solution is very difficult for Japanese government to realize these things. Without thinking real solution of homelessness, Japanese homelessness problem has never solved. 











References
Kirino, A. (2013). Causes of homelessness in Japan: Housing. Retrieved January 10th, 2014, from www.japaninfo.com/304
Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from www.socialproblem.org/
