Homelessness in Japan
Introduction
Homelessness can be defined as homeless person is any person who have no house to live in. Homelessness can be divided into many different types. First of all, people spend the night at the house of their friends and family because they do not have house to live in. However, official statics do not consider these kind of people as homeless. Homelessness can be divided into two types on the basis of United Nation. First type of homelessness is primary homelessness. This means that people live in the streets, under bridge or in parks. On the other hand, Second types of homelessness is secondary homelessness. This means that people sleep in homeless shelters and other place that take care of people who cannot take care of themselves. Homeless shelter who use secondly people come from New York in 1872 (Suzuki, 2011). In other words, homeless continue to be a serious problem in the world although homeless shelter has existed in early of develop countries.
In Japan, the problem of homelessness affects some groups of people. There are many homelessness that each country is unable to count them all. In addition, homelessness have different definitions depending on the country. On the premise of this problem, Japanese government has estimated that there are about 25, 000 homelessness people in Japan (Suzuki, 2011). This means that there are many homelessness in Japan. However, homelessness move around, the true number of homelessness is much higher than about 25, 000 in Japan.
This probably has two main negative effects on homelessness. First, Homeless leads people to become bad health. Homeless people are unable to have a satisfying meal, they have to live in place with poor sanitation, and they are unable to visit doctors. In addition, many homeless people try to drown their pain in alcohol. Second, homeless have effect on their mental health. Homeless people tend to feel lonely, depressed, and isolated (Suzuki, 2011). The effect of this leads homeless people to suicide.
This problem, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reason, it is important to understand why this problem exists. The problem of homelessness has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: unemployment.
It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.

Cause
One main cause of homelessness in Japan is a lack of stable employment. It is important for people to get a stable job for a living. In 1900s, when Japan’s economy was in recession, Japan’s large companies had to reduce of labor cost (Murakami, 2012). The effect of this leaded the number of workers to lose their job. They cannot make enough money to survive. Therefore, unemployment went homeless. Unemployment has risen over the past twenty years. Although Japan has a low percentage of unemployment compared to many other countries, this percentage continues to increase. In addition, 40% of homeless people do not count as unemployment because they have very small amount of paid work (Murakami, 2012). This means that we do not know the true number of unemployment. The important consideration of unemployment is not only unstable work but ageism. Ageism have discrimination against people of a certain age (Murakami, 2012). This leads people over the age of fifty not to get a job. If people lose their job at young age, it is difficult for them to be employed at the company. In addition, over the age of fifty are not enough to get a pension in Japan. Therefore, there are many homeless people between the age of fifty and sixty. This results in high rate of homelessness. Unless something is done to change unemployment, homelessness will continue to increase.

Solution
One possible solution to the problem of homelessness is to build many facilities by combining it companies. This solution would be implemented by Japanese government and companies. The focus of this solution would be make it easier for homeless people to find a new job All most of homeless people would like to find a new job because they want to make enough money to survive. However, it is difficult for themselves to find a new job. According to this solution, homeless people are provided with opportunities of re-employment. First of all, when homeless people find a new job, they need to take up their residence. In other words, the number of housing need to increase for homeless people. Therefore, government provide grants to build facilities for homeless people. The facilities offer a free meal and room. In addition, the facility need to cooperate with companies. Companies need to provide a lot of employment for homeless people. For example, companies schedule orientation for re-employment on a regular basis. In addition, company tell homeless people about knowledge, communication skill and social skill for re-employment. In this way, almost of homeless people are able to find a new job.
This solution has a benefit. First, it would be effective. If homeless people enter the facility, they can take up their residence. In other words, homeless people can get out of life on the street. In addition, homeless people are provided with the support for re-employment. This is easier for homeless people to find a new job.

Conclusion
Homelessness is still serious enough of a problem that Japan are unable to ignore. Not only elderly people but young people rate continues to increase, so will this problem. This essay has discussed one possible solution: unemployment. This is a complicated problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. The Japanese government build facilities for homeless people by combining it with companies. The facilities provide homeless people with residence and the support of re-employment. It is easier for them to find a new job. However, this solution has one important limitation; this solution would be expensive. It would require much money to do this solution. Solving of unemployment is an important start, but more require to be done. Unless the Japanese government makes their best efforts to solve this problem, the number of homelessness will continue to increase.

References
Murakami, H. (2012). Cause of homelessness in Japan: Unemployment Retrieved December 25th, 2013, from http://www.dmu.ed/emt304

Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from http://www.socialproblem.org/

