Homelessness in Japan
Introduction
	Homelessness can be defined as when people don’t have a place to live or sleep and work to earn money. However, homelessness has different types. Different kinds of homelessness include primary homelessness and secondly homelessness. Primary homelessness is when people live on the streets, in parks or under the bridges. Secondary homelessness is when people have no place of their own to live, but usually do not sleep outside. They sleep in homeless shelters and other places (Suzuki, 2011). It is believed that the origin of homeless is traced back during colonial America. Homelessness is one of the problem that is related to the poverty of the country. In 1890s, government has corresponded for this problem in America. But in 1980s, the number of homeless has increased because of crisis of American economy. Now the number of homeless in America is between from 200,000 to 500,000. But homelessness is the problem for not only America but also Japan.
At the beginning off 1990s, the homeless in Japan were viewed as nuisance. In 1998 official claimed there were around 3700 homeless in Tokyo alone. Homeless Support Groups estimated the number to be close 5000 and indicated that this number was rapidly increasing. So recently, homelessness is seen as a serious problem. Recently, the number of homeless is decreasing in Japan. But if Japanese economy become bad, the number of homeless will be increase than now. So homelessness is the problem that Japan should cover as same as America.
Homelessness has two important negative effects. First, homeless life is stressful and dangerous, so it can cause bad influence to homeless person’s health. And going hospital is difficult for homeless person. Second, Homeless person often feel lonely. Lonely is bad for the brain, sometimes it becomes difficult for homeless person to talk with other person. And the stress causes serious problems to their health. In the worst case, there is a possibility that homeless person die and leads suicide. These problems are occurred in Japanese and it is serious. So Japanese should apply the policy for this problem. 
This problem, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reason, it is important to understand why this problem exist. The problem of homelessness has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: a lack of affordable housing. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.


Causes
One cause of homelessness in Japan is the lack of affordable housing. Housing is very important issue for homeless people because if people take a rest in the cold condition or hot condition, it is not good for their lives. But the affordable housing is lack in Japan. There are two part of reasons. First, there are not enough houses for everyone in Japan. Almost all houses are built privately. For example, families or companies.in other countries, the housing for homeless people or other people are built by government, but in Japan there is very little of this kind of housing. The big reason for this is that companies often build housing for their employees. Second, the cost of housing is high in Japan. The problem is that even with some paid work, homeless people cannot afford to pay rent, and so they are homeless. 40% of homeless people in Japan do some paid work. This is the one of the reason why high rate of homeless people are in Tokyo and Osaka. There are a lot of expensive housing in these cities (Kirino, 2013). Even if homeless people earn their money, living in the house is very difficult for them in Japan. This must be the big issue of the causes of the high number of homelessness. Thus, about homelessness, it is responsible for government in Japan. Government needs to perform the new policy for this problem.

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of homelessness is building a lot of cheap housing and giving the place to live for homeless people. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government. The focus of this solution would be to keep the lives and condition of health of homeless people and let them to be independent. The goal for homeless people is getting job and living normally. So the help that is necessary for homeless people is the assistance for getting job and being independent. According to this proposed solution, the government would form a plan to build a lot of housing that is cheap and easy for homeless people to buy. In this way, the government have to let the cheap housing to be unevenly distributed and build them in kind of convenient place. Because homeless people is in many area. And even if they can get their housing, the shopping store is need for them to buy the foodstuff, for example, convenience store and super market. So if the Japanese government choice the correct place, this solution will be more effective for the problem. Therefore, basically, this problem is responsible for the government. 
This solution has two benefits. First, the peace and order of the city will be better. Recently, the crime of violence for the homeless people is often happened. In particular, it is caused by young people. However, by building the housing for homeless people, the number of the crime can be less. Second, this solution is good for not only homeless people but also regular people. For example, people who start the independent life have to live in the cheap housing as they can. So this solution has good effect even for not homeless people. These two are main good effects of this solution. 
Conclusion
	This essay focused on the problem of homelessness. This essay discussed that a lack of affordable housing is big cause of this problem. Now, the housing is built privately and it is expensive for homeless people. And this essay has offered one possible solution. It is building a lot of cheap housing. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government. Then it is good for the peace and order of the city and other not homeless people. However, this solution has one important limitation. If Japanese government doesn’t choice the place to build the housing, this solution cannot has any effect for the problem. As homeless people are unevenly distributed, the government have to let the cheap housing to be unevenly distributed. And if the government build the housing in inconvenient place, the lives of homeless people is not possible. Therefore, homelessness is so serious that it should be solved immediately. And if the government apply the solution that to build a lot of cheap housing, place and environment is important issue. 

References
Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from
	www.socialproblem.org/

Kirino, A. (2013). Causes of homelessness in Japan: Housing. Retrieved January 10th, 
	2014, from www.japaninfo.com/304
