Homelessness in Japan

Introduction
	Homelessness can be defined as people who do not live their house. Different kinds of homelessness include sleeping in stations, parks, and internet Cafés. If people become homelessness, it is difficult to have home again. Homelessness existed in all the time, but there are many problem for them and the number of homelessness increase. In 1383, the first law against homelessness was made in England (Suzuki, 2011). However, this law was not for protect them, it is to creak down homelessness. For example, this law make homelessness put in prison, and according to the law in 16th century, police can sentence to death if police could arrest homelessness (Suzuki, 2011).
In Japan, there are a lot of problems by homelessness. Now, there are about 25000 homeless people in Japan (Suzuki, 2011). However, it is thought that there will be more homeless people. This is because it is only count people who stay the same place, so if people move and change the sleeping place, these people do not count. Homeless people do not have to live same place, and they can change their living place easily, so this number do not think as reliable number.
Homelessness make big negative effect for people. First, it is bad for health. If homeless people become sick, they cannot see a doctor because they do not have money. If people have money, they do not acceptance the insurance, so they have to pay more money than ordinary people. Next, it is bad for their mental health. Of course, many homeless people do not think that they want to become homelessness. They had some problem, or something happen, so they have to live on the load. Being homelessness is make the loneliness for homeless people. Therefore, if people can not bear loneliness, they may suicide. 
This problem, therefore, affects all Japanese society. For this reason, it is important to understand why this problem exists. The problem of homelessness has number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: homeless people cannot have house. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.

Cause
One cause of homelessness in Japan is that they cannot have house. In Japan, there are not affordable housing for homeless people because the lack of housing. Even if there are houses, it is expensive for homeless people. In the USA, there are homeless shelter system, but these system is do not work in Japan. This is because Japanese government did not build housing for homeless people. Many Japanese company built housing for workers, so government did not have to build housing for people. However, if people stop working, they cannot live there. Thus, when many companies went bankrupt, many people lost their house. In addition, people cannot pay rent, because they do not earn enough money and the rent is too expensive. There are many homeless people in the big city, but there are not enough house. Thus, the rent become higher. According to a study, the average cost to rent one room in Tokyo is \100,000 per month (Kirino, 2013). This price is too expensive for people who do not have enough money, so people have to live on the streets. This results in high rate of homelessness unless make the new system for homelessness, there is no solution to solve homelessness problem.

Solution
One possible solution to the problem of homelessness is to make house which people can live there if they have a little money. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government. This focus of this solution would be to increase people who can live a minimal standard house. If there are many houses, the price to rent house will become cheaper because the supply will increase. Homeless people cannot have house because they do not enough money, however, if there are the houses which people can borrow cheaply, some of them will be able to have house. Japanese government have to research corrector number about the number of homeless people. In addition, government have to research how many people have the way to earn some money, and how they earned money. After these, government make a decision where place have to make houses, necessary number, and the price to rent. If the research is not enough, it become the loss of money.
This solution has three benefits. First, if people have house, they may get a job. It is difficult to get job without address, so it is most important to have house for homeless people. If they become to get salary, they can make the loan of the house, and they will be able to have house. Next, this is good for people’s body health. Living outside has many bad influence for health. They exposed to wind and rain, these make easy to get sick. In addition, some people use violence for homeless people. There is not the danger as far as they are in the house. Finally, this is good for people’s mental health. There are not protection of the privacy, because they are always seen in person. They may be despised sometime, in particular, children do not know about homelessness, so children may say a terrible thing. Therefore, it is really important for homeless people to live house.

Conclusion
Homelessness is a big problem that Japan government have to deal soon. Homelessness may cause health problem and mental problem for homeless people. This essay has discussed one main cause of homelessness: there are not affordable housing for homeless people. This essay has offered one possible solution. Japanese government should make houses in chirp price for homeless people. If houses increase, homeless people do not have to live outside, and they can avoid many problems. However, this solution has one important limitation; it is too cost to make new houses. Not only to make house, but also government have to research collect homeless people, but it is need a lot of people and I it will become high cost. However, unless Japanese government try to solve homelessness, when many people become homeless people, the problems will continue to increase and bigger.





Reference

Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from 
www.socialproblem.org/

Kirino, A. (2013). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Housing. Retrieved January 10th, 
2014, from www.japaninfo.com/304
