Homelessness in Japan
Introduction
	Homelessness is big problem all over the world. Homelessness can be defined as people who don’t have home to live. Almost homeless live in outside. For example, street, park, near the river and station. In addition, people who sleep in the family and friend’s house is not count officially statics. Different kinds of homelessness include people who live in net cafeteria. This kind of homelessness is increase recently. There are about 100 million homelessness people all over the world (Suzuki, 2011). However, real number is probably much higher than this number. Homeless is problems all the time. However, recently homeless is more serious problem because people who have home is common, so people who don’t have home is unusual. There are the first law of against homelessness in England in 1383. The law says that people who don’t have home have to go to prison. In addition, England says that police arrest people who don’t have home and they should receive death penalty. 
	There are a lot of people who don’t have home. Many countries have problems of homelessness. In addition, each countries have each laws and definition of homelessness. Therefore, problem of homelessness is big problems in Japan. There are about 25,000 homelessness people in Japan examined by Japanese government. Osaka have a lot of homelessness people and this number is highest in Japan. There are about 8,000 homelessness people (Suzuki, 2011). However, this number is not reliable because government cannot count homelessness people who don’t sleep same place every night. Therefore, actually number of homelessness people is higher than 25,000. We can see homelessness people many place and homelessness people have many serious problems. 
	Homelessness has two important negative effect. First, the health of homelessness. Homelessness people dye younger than other people because they live in too cold place to live and they cannot visit doctor. Also, they have a problem of alcohol and it is dangerous for their health. In addition, homelessness people are isolated. Second, they affect society. The cost of homelessness is high. 
	Homelessness have many problems therefore, they affects many people. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: unemployment. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem. 

Cause
	One cause of homelessness in Japan is a lack of stable employment. The lack of stable employment relate to unemployment. Unemployment means lack of steady employment, so they can’t get steady income. Therefore, they can’t pay house rent, gas and electricity so they become homelessness.	In 1990s, problem of homelessness is more serious in Japan. This is the time of Japan economy fall steady. Therefore, economy got worse and big company in Japan have to save cost. One plan of save cost is cut some workers. This unemployment connect to increase homelessness and this economy continue for twenty years. Therefore, unemployment rate increase for twenty years. The rate of unemployment was about 2% in 1992 and this rate is very low in all over the world. However, rate of employment was 6% in 2010. Change to 4% is not a big percentage but this means increase millions people became to unemployment (Murakami, 2012). This unemployment is tight connect to problems of homelessness because they can’t steady salary. In addition, they hard to get another job when they become homelessness. This percentage looks small, but real number is big. Unless something is done to improve unemployment, homelessness will continue to be a problem.

Solution
	One possible solution to this problem is government helping. This solution would be implemented by Japanese government. They have two big solutions. First, they give money to homelessness for independent support. For example, they give money to get food and stay in cheap hotel. Second, they make chance of employment. We focus on second solution. The focus of solution would be to reduce unemployment rate because improve employment is good way to reduce homelessness. These days, government try to reduce unemployment rate, but now Japanese economy is too bad. Therefore, improve employment is more difficult than other counties. And other time. According to this proposed solution, making chance of employment is good way. There are a lot of homelessness people who lost their job and they can’t find another job and they can’t get new job. Therefore, they lost their house. In addition, unemployment is biggest cause of people become homelessness. Therefore, it is important that government make chance to get job. For example, government give money to homelessness people for they get qualification. This way help homelessness people especially they lost their job for a long time. Therefore, they get job easier than they don’t have any qualification. 
	This solution has three benefits. First, it is effective way to decrease unemployment rate and decreasing unemployment rate connect to decreasing homelessness people because they become to get steady salary. Second, more people working government can get money. When homelessness people become to have a job, they have to pay income tax. The government can use this money for another problems which need money. Finally, decreasing unemployment rate also connect to decrease suicide. It means that homeless people sometimes do suicide and people who lost job is capable of doing suicide. Therefore, this solution solve some problems which not only homelessness people. 

Conclusion
	Homelessness is a problem that we can’t solve. This essay has discussed about homeless people can’t get steady salary and this one main cause is unemployment. Improving unemployment is raising because Japanese economy don’t steady. This essay has offered one possible solution. The Japanese government have to help homelessness people. It is important that government make a chance of homelessness people get a job. This solution connect to homelessness people’s steady salary, so they can get a house. However, this solution has one important limitation: decreasing unemployment is difficult because Japanese economy is bad. However, this solution can realize. Unless the Japanese government do social helping to homeless people, they can’t get their houses. 


















References

Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from www.socialproblem.org/
 
Murakami, H. (2012). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Unemployment. Retrieved December 25th, 2013, from www. Dmu.ed/emt304

