Homelessness in Japan
Introduction
	Homelessness can be defined as when people do not have a place to live. In Japan, the government reported that there were about 25,000 homeless people in 2011. There are three different kinds of type of homelessness, homeless people who do not have a job, house, who cannot have a social welfare. The United Nations says that homelessness has two types: primary homelessness and secondary homelessness (Suzuki, 2011). Primary homelessness means that people live on the streets. Secondary homelessness is homeless people who do not have a place to live, but they do not sleep outside. These people usually sleep at Internet café, and support facility such as the homeless shelter. Primary homelessness is the most serious type of homeless.
	Homeless people can see a lot of places of city, but it is difficult to say the clear number of homeless people. The reason of this problem is that each country has a different way of counting homeless people. The NPO, which supports homeless people, said that there are about 9,500 homeless people in Japan. However, they do not think that is a real number (Ohnishi, 2013). From this reason, people should think that there are much more number of homeless people than the number which government reported, and the homelessness problem is a very serious.
	Homelessness has two important negative effects. First, homelessness people have difficulty for getting an employment. Most of homeless people do not have a job, so they cannot earn money. Also, the company will not employ these people, because they think that these people have some problems of working. Second, homeless people can give a negative impression to tourists. Homeless people usually look dirty, because they do not have enough money to clean their body. Also, tourists may think that country is poor.
	This serious problem, therefore, can affect all Japanese people. It is not only problem for developing countries, homelessness can be happened on all countries. For this reason, it is very important to understand the cause of becoming homelessness. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: the unemployment. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause
	One cause of homelessness is a lack of stable employment. This cause has two contributing factors. First, the company thinks that homeless people have some problem of working, because they became as a homeless. From this reason, many companies do not re-employ from homeless people. There are 40% of homeless people do some small amount of payment work, but these works are not regular works (Murakami, 2012). From this, it is clear that they have a big difficulty to earn money, and it is nearly impossible to get a house. Secondly, companies are often fire employees to reduce some costs. Homelessness started to become a signify problem in Japan in the 1990s, which is the same time that Japan’s economy declined substantially (Murakami, 2012). Most fired people have a difficulty to find a new job, and if they cannot find, they can be a homeless. This problem is one of the most important causes of unemployment and homelessness.
Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of homelessness is to give more money to support homeless people who try to get a job again. The Japanese government would implement this solution. The focus of this solution would make homeless people to get job easier. There are some support facilities that try to find a new job for homeless people. These facilities have some training plans for homeless people to become a member of society. If the government pay more money to these facilities, these plans will improve and the possibility of re-employment will increase. In addition, these facilities can be acceptable new homeless people to re-employment.
	This solution has three benefits. Firstly, it would make support facilities improve. If the government pay more money for them, they can make their support systems better. It will make people to graduate from homelessness easier and faster. Secondly, it will make more homeless people to re-employ, therefore, the economy will improve more and more. If a lot of people could work again, these people will work harder than before they worked. From this, the company can expect more profits. Finally, it will not take a long time to pay money, because the government can move money from other payment, which they pay ineffectual money. Therefore, the government does not need extra money to improve support facilities for homeless people, also it is not a heavy work for the government.
Conclusion
	Homelessness is a very serious problem for Japanese government and people. This problem can be effect the impression of Japan from other country. This essay has discussed one main cause of this homelessness: the unemployment. This is complicated problem, but this essay has suggested one possible solution. The Japanese government should pay more money to support homeless people who try to get a job. This solution is not sure that the support facility can help all homeless people, but the solvability of this problem will definitely increase. However, this solution has one important limitation; even if the supporters work harder, it is useless effort if homeless people do not their best. If homeless people lose hope for their future, they can’t have an effort to work again. From this reason, it is clear that this solution depends on homeless people. Solving the unemployment problem is an important start, but more needs to be done. Unless the Japanese government and homeless people make a real effort to solve this problem, the number of homeless people will continue to increase.
References
Murakami, H. (2012). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Unemployment. Retrieved December 25th, 2013, from www.dmu.ed/emt304
Ohnishi, R. (2013). Problem of Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved April 24th, 2013, from www.synodos.jp/welfare/3559/
Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15th, 2014, from www.social.problem.org/

