Homelessness in Japan
Introduction 
Homelessness can defined as when any person who does not have a own home in which to live. Different kinds of homelessness include primary homelessness and secondary homelessness. For example, primary homelessness means that people who live on the streets, in parks or under the bridges. This type of homelessness is the most serious kind of homelessness. Although homelessness has probably always existed in human society, the earliest known law against homeless people comes from England in 1383 (Suzuki, 2011). Since then the problem of homeless became serious all over the world.
In Japan, the problem of the homelessness affects some groups. In Japan, the worst affected groups is single men over the age of 50. Homelessness of the woman are only 4% in Japan (Suzuki, 2011). In addition, these days there is new form in Japan. The number of young men who sleep in Internet cafe is increases. This represents almost homelessness are men and this number tend to increase in Japan.
Homelessness has three important negative effects. First, homelessness have a problem in health. Homelessness often cannot take enough nourishment. In addition, it is difficult for homelessness to keep their conditions because if they have a catch a cold, they cannot afford to visit doctors. Moreover, some homelessness may escape their situation through alcohol. Second, homelessness will have a negative effects on the mental health. When people experiences a homelessness once, they may lose the relation with their friends or families. Therefore, homelessness are much more came to feel lonely. When it is the worst, it may cause suicide. Finally, the problem of homelessness also affects our society. We spend much tax money for the homeless people. For example, there are the medical emergencies or treatment of homelessness (Suzuki, 2011).
This problem, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reasons it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: a lack of stable employment. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause 
One cause of homelessness in Japan is a lack of stable employment. This is because if homelessness cannot have a work, it is difficult for them to earn money.  This means that homelessness cannot live enough. In Japan, the problem of homelessness started significant in the 1990s, when Japan have economy problem (Murakami, 2012). For one reason or another, a big companies had a problem of cost cat or reduce the number of their works, so the number of unemployment was increased. Also, the biggest problem is ageism. It may be difficult for people who retired to find the new work. Another problem is that the age to get a pension is decided in Japan. In fact, a lot of men in 40s and 50s were laid off and became unemployment. In addition, we cannot receive a pension until we are 65years old (Murakami, 2012). In other words, they were laid off by company, it is difficult for people in their 40s and 50s to find a new job. Also, people between the age of 50s and 65s are unstable. Therefore, they are easy to become homeless. This result in high rates of unemployment. Unless Japan break off the ageism or make the stable job, homelessness will continue to be a problem.
Solution
One possible solution to this problem of a lack of stable employment is to standardize the way to help a homeless people by increasing taxes to be usable to homeless people. This solution would be implemented the Japanese government. The focus of this solution would be to make it more difficult for homeless people to find a new job after they lost a job. Although we pay many taxes for the country, it is rare that this money is spent for the homeless people. However, it is nearly impossible to make a tax system to save a homeless people. According to this proposed solution, homelessness-support payments is not meaning that it introduces a new system for homelessness. It means that Japanese government reduce waste of the money, and they should use the remainder for homelessness. In other words, Japanese government should more think about use of the money. In this way, homeless-support payments  would then become the responsibility of the Japanese government. It depends on use of the money of the government. 
This solution has three benefits. First, the government may get trust from the citizen. If the government makes the use of the tax clear, the waste of the money of the government may decrease. Thereby, an expense to help homeless people may born. Also, if a homeless people gets a fund by the government, they may become easy to come back to their normal life. If the number of people who can back to their normal life increase, the number of homeless people decreases. Finally, to decrease the number of homeless people means that more people can contribute to the country. If homeless people can come back to their normal life, they may think that they want to work for the own country.
Conclusion
To increase the number of homeless people is a problem that Japan cannot afford to ignore. This essay has discussed one main cause of this homeless people: a lack of stable employment. This is a complicated problem. However, this essay has offered one possible solution. The Japanese government should more support by integrating the homelessness-support system with the payment of the tax. However, this solution has one important limitation; even if Japan have a tax enough, many problem of homelessness is not solved because its money may not be used for a homeless people. It is most important if the government can afford to help homeless people. Unless the Japanese government makes a real effort to solve homelessness problem, the number of homeless people will continue to increase.











References
Murakami, H. (2012). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Unemployment. Retrieved December 25th, 2013, from www.dmu.ed/emt304

Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January15th, 2014, from www.socialproblem.org/










