Homelessness in Japan
Introduction
The definition of homelessness is that people do not have a home for their living. It is to be generally said to have spoken earlier, homeless has many different types. First, homeless people sleep in house of friends or family, but they have no their own house. These people usually do not include official statistics of homeless. It said homelessness has two types by The United Nation. One of them, it is primary homelessness. Second, it is secondary homelessness. People who live on streets, in parks or under bridges is primary homelessness. People do not have their home to their live, but they are in home shelter and other place to sleep. Homelessness can always exist in human society. There are complex problem, homeless people cannot have their own house. In 1383, the law that against homeless people come from England. This law shows that homelessness could be imprisonment. In 1872, a general idea of homeless shelter comes from New York.
In Japan, there are 25,000 homeless people (Suzuki, 2011). Compared with other country, type of homeless is very different. Homeless is high rate of children and women all over the world, but Japan is opposite of it. In 25,000 Japanese homeless, women is less than 1,000 and there are few children. Most homeless in Japan, they are unmarried men and over 50 years old. Young homeless were rare at one time. However, economic crisis was caused in 2007, young homeless who sleep in internet cafe is increasing. These people are new homeless.
Homeless is negative effective for Japan. They tend to become bad health and die early. People have no enough money to buy food and rent room and treatment, so they cannot eat well, usually should live in very bad environment and homeless cannot go to see a doctor. They tend to give themselves over to drinking because they want to evade these conditions. This gives bad effect for their health. Homelessness is that their mental is undermining. This problem gives negative effect for society. If homeless becomes illness, they cannot pay this money. Society bear costs by taxes. Homeless people become lonely because they lose their acquaintances and do not contact with their friends and family. These thing are stress to people, it can leads suicides. 
Society has to solve the problem of homeless to pay money by taxes. Therefore, it gives negative effect for Japanese society. The problem that homeless occur has a lot of causes, however, this essay focus on one cause; unemployment. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem. 
Cause
In Japan, a lack of steady employment leads to cause of homeless. They cannot make money when they do not work. If people have not enough money, they inevitably cannot get house to their lives and cannot pay bill, for example, gas, a water supply and electricity. In the 1990’s in Japan, homeless has grown up to be serious issue. In this time, Japan was confronted a weak market. Most big companies in Japan had to be lower costs because of this crisis. When these companies did costs down, it cut down a lot of workers. By this way, crisis of Japanese economy made large number of unemployment. This leads cause of homeless. Problem of unemployment has increased and become large last twenty. Percentage of the unemployment was 2% of whole working person in 1992 (Murakami, 2012). Compared with many other countries, this unemployment’s statistics is a very low. However, this rate increased to 6% from 2% by 2010 research (Murakami, 2012). This change is not a very big thing, but this 4% includes millions of unemployed people. These unemployment reports does not tell us the whole fact. About 40% people who become homeless do work with a few salaries, for example, work done on a daily wage basis. This shows that these people who work are not included in unemployment report. Unemployment tend to cause old men and it leads them to homeless. In the labor market, there are ageism problem. In Japan, it is difficult for 50’s people to get a job. Japanese society regard young people who has family to support, so single 50’s people cannot find a job. Moreover, people cannot receive pension when people will be 65 years. 50 to 65’s people are too old for company (Iwata, 2000). Thus, these leads to homeless.
Solution
One possible solution to solve problem of unemployment is making new employments system. The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare and Japanese Government should change this system of employment. As I spoke before, it is difficult for 50’s people to get a job. This cause is that company want to adopt new graduate or young people in Japan. This trend lead to exclude older people. The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare and Japanese Government have to make system which ignore prejudice of Japanese companies. It is important that Japanese companies employ impartially without ageism. The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare and Japanese Government should make a system that the above employs at least several people of which generation. Then, government and the organization have to add some penalties when Japanese companies violated the rule to the system, for example, fine and opening to the public name of companies. Japanese company should adopt employers in conformity with this system. If companies violate this system, The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare should open to the public name of companies. By this system, problem of unemployment will decrease a little. When unemployment people decrease, rate of becoming homeless will decrease. 
This solution has benefit. This system has heavy penalties, so Japanese companies will be follow it. Because companies does not want to pay fine or to be opened the public their name, it will employ the person of various age groups even by force. Although changing employment system is not easy, many homeless people will be relieved by this system.
Conclusion
Homeless is very serious problem. The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare and government should solve this issue. This essay explain main cause; unemployment. This is difficult problem to solve. However, this essay has told one possible solution. The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare and Japanese Government should make system that companies employ all age groups. This solution is not absolute way, but this can be better condition of unemployment from now. However, this solution has one limitation; this system has only penalties, so it does not have legal binding force. Companies are not judged by the law. This solution cause lack of legal binding force, it is important to change homeless condition in Japan and carry out. The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare and Japanese Government make effort to solve the problem, homeless condition will change better in the future. 


































References
Iwata, M.  (2000). Who does become homeless? Retrieved 2000, from http://www.jil.go.jp/institute/zassi/backnumber/2004/07/pdf/049-058.pdf
Murakami, H. (2012). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Unemployment. Retrieved　December 25, 2013, from www.dmu.ed/emt304
Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved January 15, 2014, from
www.socialproblem.org/

