The Problem of Homelessness in Japan
Introduction
Homelessness can be defined as a homeless person is any person who does not have a home in which to live (Suzuki, 2011). Different kinds of homelessness include primary homelessness and secondary homelessness. The former is when people have no home, so they live outside such as parks, under bridges, and the streets. The latter is when they sleep in homeless shelters or other places which take care of people. Homelessness has a very long history. Homelessness has existed in human society. The earliest known law against homelessness comes from England in 1383 (Suzuki, 2011). This law show that people who had no home was able to be put in prison. The earliest known example of a homeless shelter is from New York in 1872 (Suzuki, 2011). Many developed countries have a system of homeless shelters, but it is difficult to reduce the number of homeless people using a system. This means that homelessness continues to be a serious problem all over the world.
In Japan, the problem of homelessness. The number of homelessness is large. It is very difficult to say whether how many people there are in Japan now. Almost countries do not count the number of homeless people that they have. The best estimate is that there are about 25,000 homeless people in japan, with Osaka the city with the highest number of homeless people. Osaka is thought to have about 8,000 homeless people (Suzuki, 2011). In other words, there are many homeless people in Japan, particularly Osaka has the most homeless people. There are people who are counted as homeless people, so the real number of homelessness in Japan is maybe much higher than this record.
Homelessness has two important negative effects. First, the health of the homeless may be adversely affected. Homeless people often die at a much younger because of a lack of food to eat. Therefore, they live in very cold or hot conditions, so they may not afford to visit doctors because they have no money. They may not control their mental. They often lose contact with their families and friends. This may lead homeless people to suicide. Second, homelessness affects society. Homelessness costs society money (Suzuki, 2011). In the case that homeless people receive emergency medical treatment, the treatment may be expensive. However, homeless people cannot pay for this treatment themselves. 
This problem, therefor, affects all Japanese people. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: a lack of affordable housing. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.

Cause
One main cause of homelessness in Japan is a lack of affordable housing. This can lead to primary homelessness or secondary homelessness. There are people who have their house. On the other hand, there are people who have no their house to sleep. The government has never built many houses (Kirino, 2013). All most all of the houses are built personally. In many developed countries, the government provides a subsidy housing for the poor. This means that the housing can be a costly in these countries, but the poor can live in the house that are owned and built by the government. However, there is little of this kind of housing in Japan. The reason for this is that companies often provide housing for their employees. Unlike most of the countries, it is very rate that people who have a job becomes homeless. 40% of homeless people in Japan do some paid work (Kirino, 2013). In other words, people who have a job do not often become homeless. This cause that these people cannot afford to pay rent, so they are homeless. This results in high rates of homelessness. Unless the government build houses, homelessness will continue to be a problem.

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of homelessness in Japan is to increase the number of houses. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government and the Nonprofit Organization (NPO) Corporation, which support homeless people. The focus of this solution would be to create a pleasant environment for homeless people. According to this proposed solution, homeless people would not sleep in the outside but sleep in their houses. The Japanese government would build some of temporary housing for homeless people, and then the Japanese government let homeless people live there. Homeless people who have no money can sleep in the house. In this way, the government prepares the opportunity to recommend that they live in temporary housing to them when homeless people suffer from their lives.
	This solution has two benefits. First, it would be effective. If there are places that it is easy for homeless people to live, it would possible for them to have their houses. Second, this solution would easy to implement. The government would spend money for homelessness. It would not take long time to build housing, so it is important for the Japanese government to implement the solution. 


Conclusion
	Homelessness in Japan is a problem that people must think about seriously. The problem leads the health of the homeless people and society money. This essay has discussed one main cause of homelessness: a lack of affordable housing. This problem is confusing, but this essay has shown one possible solution. The Japanese government should increase the houses which homeless people live. It would be possible to decrease the number of homeless people who sleep in the outside. However, this solution has one important limitation; even with support homeless people, they will still continue to be homeless people. This is particularly true if the Japanese government and the group which support homeless people cannot improve how to use money for homelessness. Unless the Japanese government makes effort to solve this problem, the number of homelessness in Japan will continue to increase.


References

Kirino, A. (2013). Causes of Homelessness in Japan: Housing. Retrieved July 10, 2015,	from www.japaninfo.com/304

Suzuki, H. (2011). Homelessness in Japan. Retrieved July 10, 2015, from	www.socialproblem.org/

