The Problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate
Introduction 
	Low birthrate can be defined as the number of baby is decreasing. In late years this problem associates with the issue of low birthrate and aging deeply. Low birthrate means that the number of children one woman has for a life. In modern society, this number is decreasing. Japanese government have to find the solution to solve this problem because low birthrate make a lot of problem. Not only Japan but also other countries have this problem. In Japan, there are 336 people per square kilometer, which is higher than in India (Gould, 2013). Therefore, we must not ignore this problem.
	Low birthrate has three important negative effects. First, it is the decline in the labor force population. This causes that working people will have more burden by decreasing children. Second, it is the increase of the social security burden. This is because children can’t pay the money, therefore, older people have to pay much money to maintain economy and our life. Finally, it is the reduction of the economic scale. This is because the number of consumer decrease by low birthrate. Because of this, a flow of the money decrease and the times go on growing worse.
	Low birthrate, therefore, affects Japanese society. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on late marriage. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause 
	One cause of low birthrate of Japan is change of the situation in the society of the woman. If we don’t work, we can’t live. Therefore, a lot of woman have to work for their life. The Japanese government made a system that woman who have baby can take care of baby. However if woman take maternity leave, it is difficult for woman to return to work. This is because when a woman takes the maternity leave, society change big. Therefore, a lot of woman don’t take maternity leave because they don’t want to lose their work. This means woman don’t have baby or don’t marry. Furthermore, it is now much more acceptable for women in Japan to choose to have a career if they want one (Wilson, 2011). By this, a lot of woman are easy to continue to work and are needed to work by company. Because it becomes the gender equality society now, the woman are often needed to work important things. Therefore, a lot of woman don’t have child because they don’t have time to take care of child. If young woman don’t marry, it is difficult for her to have the baby. This is because physical strength is necessary to have child. Therefore, old woman is difficult to have child. If woman want to have child, woman should marry as soon as possible. Unless woman marry early, low birthrate will increase.
Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of the low birthrate of Japan would be to tell the benefit for woman to want to have child. Government in Japan have to think about marriage of young couple. Government should tell young couple the benefits to have child. If they do this, people will have child. Japanese technology made robot like the baby. If he can spark some measure of parental emotion in the people who see him, maybe they’ll consider making a real baby (McRobbie, 2014). This is very effective method. They can know the happiness of having a child by simulated experience of this child care. 
	This solution have a lot of benefits by telling people to have child. First, if woman have a lot of children, when children grow up, they will help their parents. When if people who don’t have child become old, they have to take care of myself or enter the nursing home. Second, when child become adult, they will contribute to Japanese society. Now, Japanese society have a lot of problem of money which is to be connected with a child, for example, national pension and much insurance. A lot of children are hoped by Japanese government that they will solve this problem. Finally, the number of workers increases. If the number of workers increases, Japanese economy will be better than now because they can share work. Therefore, it is very efficient.
Conclusion
	The problem of Japan’s low birthrate is a big problem. This problem is becoming more serious problem. If Japanese government do nothing to solve this problem, Japanese society will become worse more and more. This essay has one causes of low birthrate: change of the situation in the society of the woman. This causes affect not only low birthrate, but also a lot of things. This essay has suggested one possible solution for this problem. It is that Japanese government should tell the benefit of having child. This solution would enable to change the thought of woman for having child. However, this solution has one important limitation. It is the problem of money for taking care of child. Therefore, parents have to work harder. Unless Japanese government does to solve this problem, Japanese society will have more problem. 

References

Gould, R. (2013) Japan’s low birthrate: An overview Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

McRobbie,L,R. (March 29, 2014) 5 Creative Ways Countries Tried to Up Their Birth Rates. Retrieved January 9, 2016, from http://mentalfloss.com/article/33485/5-creative-ways-countries-tried-their-birth-rates

Wilson, P. (2011) Causes: The changing role of women in Japan. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from online. wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927.html

