The Problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate
Introduction
	Low birthrate can be defined as when people died, there are not enough babies being born to replace them (Rachel, 2013). Some people don’t think it is not problem; this is because three hundred thirty six people per square kilometer live in Japan, and it is higher than India (Rachel, 2013). This mean that Japanese population density is higher than other countries. Low birthrate has many serious problem to affect Japanese society. Low birthrate in Germany is promote labor market shortage and, it damage German economy (BBC NEWS, 2015). This shows that it is possible that low birthrate in Japan affects Japanese economy. Therefore, reentry low birthrate is serious problem in Japan.
	Low birthrate is a particularly serious problem in the Japan. Japanese population is decreasing by about eight hundred people every year (Rachel, 2013). If this rate continues, rate of Japanese young generation’s population will decrease. Young generation is important for Japanese society. If low birthrate become more serious, Japanese become worse compare now. Therefore, low birthrate in Japan will be serious problem.
	Low birthrate in Japan has two important negative effects. First, Japanese economy is suffered from decreasing population. Lower population bring lower consumption and lower produce (Rachel, 2013). In other words if falling consumption and produce will be continue, Japanese company can’t be make much money. As a result worker’s salary will decrease in Japan. It is serious impact for Japanese economy. Second, if Japanese birthrate is decreasing, tax burden on people become higher. If decreasing the number of working population in Japan, tax burden to support thing like the pension fund on these people will be higher (Rachel, 2013). This means that people can’t use money for themselves, so consumption in Japan will be decreasing. As a result, it become serious problem for Japanese economy.
	Low birthrate in Japan, therefore, affects all Japanese. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one:

Cause
	The cause of low birthrate is the changing role of women in Japan. The number of women working outside the home is increasing recently. This is because that changing Japanese society. Women working outside the home become common for Japanese society. However, there are system women can return to work after they have children, but it is difficult for them to do (Patrick 2011). This means that if women get children, they can’t work at same job and get a good career. As a result, a lot of women don’t have children for their jobs. In addition, working women needs people to take care of their children instead of them, when they are working; however, in many cities, childcare center with open spaces for new infants are very few (Patrick 2011). This means that it is difficult for women want to back job to find person to take care of their children when they are working. Increasing the number of working women affect decreasing the number of children. Also, men can take paternity leave, but almost all men do not. This is because that if take paternity leave, they couldn’t get good career. This results in low birthrate in Japan. Unless something is done to support working women more, low birthrate will continue to be a serious problem in Japan.

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of low birthrate in Japan would be increase childcare center with open spaces for new baby. To so this, the Japanese government needs to support money for increasing the number of childcare center. This solution would be implemented by Japanese government. The focus of this solution would be to increase the number of childcare center. If the number of childcare center increase, working women will be back job from maternity leaves easily. On the other hand, this propose solution would needs more people to take care of children. If the number of childcare center is increased, it will be lack of people to take care of children. If Japanese government support money for childcare centers, they can increase worker government support money for childcare center, the number of women have children will be gradually increased.
	This solution has two benefits. It would reduce bear of women’s child care. This would mean that women can be compatible with child care and job. Therefore, working women can get children more than one child. In addition, this solution can be higher the quality of childcare center. Childcare center can get government supporting money, so childcare center can spend money to be higher quality of childcare center. Therefore, children can get good take care, and parents can get more support of child care’s people. 

Conclusion
	Low birthrate in Japan is a problem that Japan cannot afford to ignore. This problem affects not only Japanese society, but also affects Japanese economy. Furthermore, this problem continues to grow. This essay has discussed one main causes of low birthrate in Japan: the changing role of women, but this essay has offered one possible solution. By government support money to increase the number of childcare center. This should help working women’s child care. However, this solution has one important limitation. If the number of childcare center is increasing. Childcare center needs worker to take care of child. Therefore, implementing this solution is very difficult for Japanese government. However, unless Japanese government try to solve implement this solution for this problem, low birthrate in Japan will continue to increase.









Reference

BBC NEWS. (2015). Germany passes Japan to have world’s lowest birth rate – study. Retrieved May 29, 2015, from http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32929962

Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

Wilson, P. (2011). Cause: The changing role of women in Japan. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from online.wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927.html


