The Problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate
Introduction
	Recently in Japan, decrease the number of people. It is a one of problem in Japan. It can be happened when babies are less than old people. This is low birthrate. Low birthrate is that there are not enough babies born instead of death people (Gould, 2013). In 1945, there were about 70 million people in Japan, then by1985, there were 122 million people in Japan, so Japanese population was about doubled (Gould, 2013). However, since 1985, Japanese population has decrease. Therefore, number of young people are less than old people.
	Low birthrate is a serious problem in Japan. Actually, low birthrate can be occurred when fertility rate is low. This means that the average number of babies each woman has in her life (Gould, 2013). For example, to make Japanese population stable, fertility rate need to be 2.01, but now, it is only 1.41 (Gould, 2013). Therefore, low population in Japan, actually Japanese population is decrease about 800 people every day (Gould, 2013). This problem may will bad effect for Japanese society and economy.
	There are three negative effect for Japan because of low birthrate. First, living condition will fall in Japan. When there are more old people than young people, young people need to pay higher taxes to support pension fund (Gould, 2013). Therefore, young people cannot spend money for themselves. In addition, in the future, it is difficult to survive the pension system, this means people will not be able to get any money from government after people retire because of low birthrate. Second, low birthrate means decrease the number of customers for companies, so Japanese company cannot make enough money (Gould, 2013). Therefore, Japanese economy will goes negatively. In addition, less population can also effect to workers, this means that company cannot get enough workers. Third, there are number of depopulation area will increase (Dominguez, 2015). This means that young people move to city because to get job. Therefore, in rural area, there are many old people remain there. It will increase dying alone.
	Low birthrate affect negatively Japan. For this reason it is important to understand why it exists. There are number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: gender issue.
Cause
	A main part of cause of low birthrate is gender issue. In other words, many Japanese woman has many problem because of having children. This is difficult problem in Japan, but it is improving for woman recently, but it still does not consist of rules for supporting woman. Actually, young couple in Japan does not have enough money to live, so they need to work. In addition, having child is that they need a lot of money to educate. In Japan, the cost of education a child from kindergarten to university costs about 15 million yen (Fogarty, 2007). Japanese cost of education is most expensive in the world. In other words, it is obvious that both of man and woman need to work to take care their child. However, it is difficult to back to job after born baby for woman in Japan. Even Japan has maternity leave, about 70% of pregnant woman quite their job (Fogarty, 2007). The main reason is pressure. Taking care of child is very hard, so someone have to together with child all the time, so woman cannot continue their job easily. In addition there are not enough facilities where keep child all day in Japan (Fogarty, 2007). Women are also not treat well when they back to job in Japan. In other words, woman need to choose continue their job or make their child. It makes woman to refuse make their child. Unless, Japanese government make rules for woman to be more free to make their child.
Solution
	One possible solution to low birthrate in Japan would be to make better law for woman who has child, and improve the number of facilities where leave their child all day. To do this, Japanese government need to think more about woman in Japan, so they have to make good environment for woman to be free to make their child. An ideal, government need to make good society for woman, such as woman in Japan does not have to choose job or baby, this selection makes woman to refuse make their baby. They do not have to give up their dream. Japanese government need to make stronger system of maternity leave. Now, many woman quite their job when they pregnant, even their company have maternity leave. Therefore, it is obvious the system is not enough for woman. For example, woman come back to job after born baby, but woman does not treat well as before in Japan. In other words, it is pressure for woman, so make rules that woman take pre internship to back their proper job. Leaving job for a long time is that changing many things for the woman, so there are many difficulties when they back suddenly. However, if they have preparation time to back their job, they feel free to do it. After pre internship, the woman can be back to their proper job. This system make woman back to job easier and easier to make child. In addition, increase the number of facilities to leave child all day, woman can work more comfortable. Government does not have to build new buildings for it, they can make system to kindergartens. The system is that open kindergarten for night about 9. In other words, kindergarten take care child by usual time, but someone necessary to leave child the overtime, parents can leave their child by the night time. However, they need to pay add money. It is useful for parents work.
	There are two benefits for woman and government. First, woman can think more lightly to have child. They do not have to quite job because of they have baby. This means woman do not have to give up their dreams. They can cope with both child and job. Second, it will increase the number of Japanese population, so young people do not have to pay higher taxes and the do not have worried about their pension. In addition, increase the number of population is improve Japanese economy, so government also does not have to think about how Japanese economy improve because of population.
Conclusion
	Low birthrate is serious problem in Japan. Japanese government need to solve this problem because there are many negative effects. Low birthrate means that decrease the number of population in Japan, so it will negative affects to Japanese economy. This essay has discussed one cause of law birthrate: gender issue in japan. In Japan, the costs of taking child is so expensive, especially for education is most expensive in the world. Therefore, woman also need to work to their child, but many woman quite their job because of pregnant, even Japan has maternity leave. Main reason for woman quite their job is many pressure for taking care of child and when they back to their job, they do not treat well as before, so woman choose baby or job. In addition, there are not enough fertilities to leave child all day. This problem can be solved by Japanese government. They make laws for supporting woman more strongly. Make preparation time before woman back to their proper job. In addition, they need system of leave child all day. This would be able to support and make feel lightly to make child. However, this solution has one limitation. This is difficult to standardize. Each company has own their policy and rules, so even government decide nice laws for woman to support, it is difficult to perform the law on each company. This problem is complex, but it cannot ignore to improve Japanese economy and society.









Reference

Dominguez. G. (2015). Impact of Japan's shrinking population 'already palpable' Retrieved June 1st, 2015 from http://www.dw.com/en/impact-of-japans-shrinking-population-already-palpable/a-18172873

Fogarty. P. (2007). Gender issues key to low birthrate. Retrieved July 12, 2013 from /pr/fr/-/2/hi/asia-pacific/7096092.stm

Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 8th, 2013 from http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

