Japan’s Low Birthrate
Introduction
Definition of the birthrate is the number of births for every 100 in a particular year in a particular place. Today, the low birthrate is serious problem in Japan. The low birthrate means that the number of born babies is not sufficient to replace the number of people who die (Gould, 2013). This problem has started since over fifty years ago. The population in Japan was rapidly increased to 122 million from 70 million in 1945 to 1985 (Gould, 2013). However growth rate of population has become loose between 1985 and 2010, then population in Japan began to decrease (Gould, 2013). This means that now there are a lot of old people who cannot work, to support. 
The problem of low birthrate is especially serious in Japan. Japan’s birthrate is 1.4 children per woman in 2012 (“A lack of births”, 2012). This number is very low compared with other developed countries. Each Japanese woman has to have over two babies to maintain the Japanese population (Gould, 2013). Now Japan’s population is decreasing by about 800 people every day (Gould, 2013).
The low birthrate has one main negative effect. The main negative effect is that it has a bad effect on Japan’s economy. The low birthrate leads to a decrease in population in Japan. A decrease in population means that Japan’s economy will suffer. This is because there are less people of working age if fewer populations, so Japan will not be able to make much product and bring in less money from exports. Moreover fewer populations mean fewer customers for company in Japan, so Japan’s company will not be able to enough profit. 
The low birthrate in Japan, therefore, affects all people in Japan. For this reason it is essential to grasp that why this problem occurs. It has a lot of causes, but this essay will focus on one: the changing role of women in Japan. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem. 
Cause
One cause of the low birthrate in Japan is the changing role of women in Japan. Once it is common for women to be married and do housework. However more and more women are working outside the home today. In fact, 39% of employed workers are women, and 50% of women in their 40s work (Iwao, 1996). This data is from 20 years ago, so perhaps now would be a higher rate. The reasons why many women work is that Japanese society has changed in society that women also can choose a career, or women also have to work because the economic situation in Japan is poor. The working women tend to be late marriage because they have no time and money. It is very difficult for them to be compatible with work and child care. Moreover one of the reasons that many women work today is the labor shortage. Because of the labor shortage, more women get into the workforce. This creates a vicious cycle that the labor shortage leads to an increase working women that leads to later marriage and later births. Later birth leads to lower birthrates because it becomes increasingly difficult to have children after 30 (Brasor, 2015). This vicious cycle is very serious. It is a problem rather society that women have to give up to have children by work than itself to work more woman. Unless something makes effort to solve this problem, the problem of low birthrate will be more serious in Japan. 
Solution
One possible solution to the problem of the low birthrate would be to make a system that women can be raising children while working. To do this, the Japanese government needs to support to return to work after women take maternity leave and increase the number of childcare center. This solution would be implemented by Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW), which regulates social welfare and social security in Japan. The focus of this solution would be to increase the birthrate of working women. Many career women give up making children because it is difficult to return to work after they take maternity leave. Although some social welfare for women who take maternity leave, these are not enough. The MHLW needs to guarantee that women who take maternity leave return to work and enough pay while maternity leave. Moreover there are not enough childcare centers now, so career women cannot return to work until their child grows enough because they have to take care of their child. The MHLW needs to make enough numbers of childcare centers. 
This solution would have one benefit. It would encourage women to make children with confidence. This would mean that the birthrate would increase. If the birthrate becomes high, the number of young people of working age will increase. This means that it will give a good effect on the Japan’s economy.
Conclusion
The low birthrate is a very serious problem in Japan. This problem has a number of negative effects, for example Japan’s economy suffers. This essay has discussed one main causes of the low birthrate in Japan: the changing role of women in Japan. This is very complex problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. By supporting to return to work after women take maternity leave and increasing the number of childcare center, the birthrate of working women in Japan will increase. However, this solution has one important limitation. It takes high cost to do this solution. It is too expensive for Japanese government because Japan’s economy is poor now. Making a system that women can be raising children while working is an important start to solve this problem. Unless the Japanese government makes effort harder to solve this problem, the birthrate in Japan will continue to fall.

References
A lack of births. (2012). Retrieved June 30th , 2013, from http://www.economist.com/node/17492838/print

Brasor, P. (2015). Japan should re-examine the idea of marriage to help spur a baby boom. Retrieved July 11th , 2015, from http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2015/07/11/national/media-national/japan-re-examine-idea-marriage-help-spur-baby-boom/#.VpUTemdunIV

Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

Iwao, S. (1996). The new lifestyle of Japanese women. Retrieved September, 1996, from http://www.mofa.go.jp/j_info/japan/opinion/iwao.html
