The problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate
Introduction
Birthrate can be defined as when the number of births to total population in a particular place expressed per 1000 population per year. This rate has different rate depending on the country. The birth rate is the important factor in determining the rate of population grow. 
	Birthrate is a particularly serious problem in Japan. There are 128 million people in Japan (Gould, 2013). This number is big enough although Japan is small country. However, no matter how large Japan’s population has, Japan’s birthrate is not always as large as Japan’s population. In 2014, the birthrate in Japan was about 100 million newborns, which is 9,000 less than in 2013 (Concern as Japan's, 2015). This number is very low although Japan is a large population.
Low birthrate has two main negative effects. First, Japan’s economy would be negatively affected. If Japan’s low birthrate continued to decrease, working age of population would decrease in Japan. Working age, which age is 15 years old to 65 years old, have important part in Japan’s economy. The decreasing of working age leads to economic depression in Japan. In addition, Japan’s society would be negatively affected. Low birth rate means that people cannot create a new generation of people (Gould, 2013). In other words, Japan would have a higher proportion of old people. This leads to problem in Japan. For example, Japanese government cannot afford to pay pension fund because there would be many old people in Japan. Therefore, Japanese government could abolish pension system.
	Low birthrate, therefore, effects all Japanese people. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. The problem of low birthrate has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: the changing role for women in Japan. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause
	The main cause of low birthrate in Japan is changing role of women. Recently, Japan tend to advance by women into society. In other words, there are many working women in Japan. In the past, if women got married, they worked traditional job (Wilson, 2011). This means that most Japanese women stayed home to clean and take care of children. In other words, their husbands brought in the most household income in Japan. However, most Japanese women work outside the home in recent years. The main reason for this is recession in Japan. Most Japanese women need to have responsibility for providing income in their family because they cannot afford to survive on only their husband income. Most Japanese women would prefer outside job to traditional job. As a results, they have no enough time of taking care of their children. In addition, some couples choose not to have their child. Another reason for falling birthrate in Japan is that it is difficult for women to return to work after they have children. In other words, Japanese women is difficult to establish their permanent position in their company. For example, if Japanese women take maternity leave, they need to stop working for 14 weeks when they get a lower salary than their usual (Wilson, 2011). Because of this, family is difficult to earn money to live. In these cases, working women decide not to have their child. This result in low birthrate in Japan. Unless something take measures to solve this problem, low birthrate will continue to be a severe problem in Japan.
Solution
	The main possible solution to the problem of Japan’s low birthrate would be to standardize maternity leave and childcare leave. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government and companies. The focus on this solution would be to make it engaged in childcare. It is difficult for people to manage to work and grow up their children at the same time. Therefore, most people, especially women, give up work to grow up their children. According to this proposed solution, parents cope with their children and a job. Japanese government mandates companies to take maternity leave. In addition, they receive 100% of their usual leave during maternity leave. Moreover, Japanese companies need to allow not only mother but father to take childcare leave. 
	This solution has two benefits. First, it would be effective. If Japanese companies made it obligatory to take maternity and childcare leave for people who have children, they would take these leave from the anxious worries of work. In addition, this solution makes both mother and father take maternity and childcare leave. The effect of this that parents have enough time to grow up their children.
Conclusion
Low birthrate is that all Japanese people need to regard this as their own problem. Not only old people but young people suffer severe effects by Japan’s low birthrate. In addition, this is a problem that continue to grow. This essay has discussed one main cause of Japan’s low birthrate: changing role of Japanese women. This is complicated problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. The Japanese government and companies make it to standardize maternity leave and childcare leave. However, this solution has one important limitation. It is only a partial solution. Other employees should cover the responsibilities of the employee taking maternity and childcare leaves. It is important for this solution to ensure a smooth transition. This means that this solution would need cooperation from whole the company. Unless Japanese government and companies does more to resolve this problem, low birthrate in Japan will continue to get more acute. 


References
Concern as Japan's 2014 birth rate falls to record low. (2015). Retrieved January 1st, 2015 from http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-30653825 

Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate. Retrieved August 8th, 2013 from http://www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

Wilson, P. (2011). The changing role of women in Japan. Retrieved August 17th 2012 from http:www.online.wsj.com/article/SB125495746062471927.html


