
Japan’s Low Birthrate 

Introduction
	Low birthrate can be defined as decreasing the number of babies instead of people who die. In fact, in Japan, the average age of death is 83 years old now (Gould.2013). This is one of the cause of Japanese low birthrate. In addition, Japanese fertility rate was 1.41. However, to stay population same with now, the fertility rate should be 2.01. 
	Japan’s low birthrate is very serious problem. The population of Japan was around 70 million people in 1945. In addition, the population had doubled to 122 million in 40 years between 1945 and 1985. However, the glow of Japan’s population was only 6 million by 2010 from 1985 (Gould. 2013). This is very big difference between 1945 to 1985 and 1985 to 2010. In addition, in order to the growth of birthrate between 1945 and 1985, there are a lot of older people to support. It is enough that there are not a lot of workers, young people have to support a lot of older people. This is very big burden for young people. 
	Japanese low birthrate has two negative effects. First, the population of Japan would be decreased. And it affect Japanese economy. Next, the quality of life would be decrease because of low birthrate. Because people who work have to pay a lot of taxes for helping older people, for example pension fund. Therefore, they will do not have room in their economics. 
	Japanese low birthrate, therefore, affects all people who are living in Japan. For this reason, it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: role of women in Japan. It will also suggest a possible solution to this. 

Cause
	One cause of low birthrate in Japan is role of women in Japan. Changing role of women is one of the biggest cause of low birthrate in Japan. Role of women is very different now compared to before. In the past, after marriage, women traditional job is all duties in the house (Wilson. 2011). However, many women wants their career now. This has some reason. First, system of Japanese society was changed. In the past, it was not common for Japanese women to work outside house. Second, Japanese economic is not good now. Husband cannot earn much money, so women have to work to make enough money. In fact, the average salary in 20’s is about around 3,000,000 yen (Nensyulabo, 2013). However, ideal salary to have children is around 6,000,000 yen (Yamazaki, 2004). If both wife and husband can work, it is possible to have children. However, only 26.8% of women continue to work after having children, but left of women stop to work (Kudo, 2012). This means it is difficult for young people to have children because of lack of money. In addition, having children cost a lot of money, and almost women leave their job after having children. Therefore, it is very difficult to make enough money. This result in decreasing number of babies. Unless something is done to increase salary enough to grow their children, low birthrate will continue to be a serious problem in Japan. 

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem if low birthrate in Japan would be to make better rules to return job after having children. Japanese government would be responsible for implementing this solution. This solution addresses that many women leave their job after having children. Now, there is a rule that women can take maternity leave. However, if they take a maternity leave, many of them will lose their position. However, they want to their career, therefore, they do not want to take a maternity leave. To change this situation, Japanese government should make a rule that companies should not make them lose their position. In fact, if they have maternity leave, they cannot work for the company, so the company do not want to raise their position. However, to increase the number of babies, the company should not lose their position. Therefore, Japanese government should give some money for the company to recover damage of that. The effect of this solution is that more women will have children, and the number of babies will be increased. Then, when many babies will grow up, they can support older people, for example social welfare. In the future, the number of older people will be increased, so young people should support them. If the number of babies is small now, they cannot help elder people, and the burden would be very heavy. Therefore, Japanese government should give some money, and companies should make environment that women can work for after having children. 

Conclusion
	Low birthrate is problem that Japan cannot afford to ignore. Many women do not have children because of their career and money. This has a bad influence on Japanese future, and encourage Japanese bad economic. Therefore, this problem affects all Japanese people. This essay has discussed one main cause of low birthrate: changing women rule. This is a very complicated problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. Making better rules is a one of possible solution. Therefore, Japanese government should give some money for companies and companies should not lose their position. This solution will lead good situation. However, this solution has one important limitation. The limitation is that this costs a lot, and Japanese government do not have much money. Because Japanese government have debt, so they do not have space for give money. Then, it will very heavy burden for Japanese government. Unless the Japanese government does something to stop low birthrate, this problem would not be solved. 













References
Gould. R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An over view. Retrieved January 12, 2016 from http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

Kudo. M. (2012). The rate of women who have children leave their job. Retrieved January 12, 2016 from s.resemom.jp/article/2012/12/04/11146.html

Nwnshu-Labo (2013). The average salary in 20’s. Retrieved January 12, 2016 from nenshu-labo.com/nendai_20.html

Wilson. P. (2011). The changing role of women in Japan. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from online.wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927.html

Yamazaki. S (2004). How much your salary. Retrieved January 12, 2016 from http://allabout.co.jp/gm/gc/8502/2/

