The problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate
Introduction
	Low birthrate is that the number of babies being born is less than the number of people who die (Gould, 2013). Low birthrate relates to fertility rate deeply. Fertility rate is that the average number of children that would be born to a woman in her life (The World Bank, 2015). Typically, if fertility rate is higher than 2.1, population would increase. However, many developed countries have fertility rate lower than 2.1 (Yen, 2012). 
	Low birth rate is one of the most serious problems in Japan. Recently, the population is decreasing in Japan, and the birth rate is declining slowly. In the fact, the number of people grew by only 6 million in the 25 years between 1985 and 2010 (Gould, 2013). In addition, the Japanese fertility rate was 1.41 in 2012, so the population of japan is declining about 800 people every day (Gould, 2013). If this problem continue, decreasing of the population would be rapider than now.
	The problem of Japan’s low birthrate has two important negative effects. First, the Japanese economy is negatively affected. Low birthrate leads to the decreasing of Japanese people who support economic growth (Swanson, 2015). This means that Japanese young people and worker are decreasing, so it is difficult for Japan to make products to sell other countries. Second, people suffer from a variety of heavy taxes. This is because Japan collect a lot of taxes from Japanese people to make a good country, but if the population decrease in Japan, each person would pay a lot of taxes than now. 
	Low birthrate, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: the changing role of women. It will also a possible solution to this problem. 
Cause
	One cause of Japan’s low birthrate is the changing role of women in Japan. In the past, Japanese people thought that women should get married and perfume duties in the home. For example, it includes cooking, cleaning and shopping. However, their way of thinking is changing nowadays, so many women can choose a lot of their lifestyle. On the other hand, it is difficult for women to work and take care of their family at the same time. In other words, they have to choose their job or their family. Actually, they have a right of getting maternity leave, although it is a hard choice for them. This is because some companies would not like to offer promotions to women who take maternity leave (Wilson, 2011). Additionally, if women choose to take maternity leave, they would stop working for 14 weeks, and they must live on a small income because they only receive about no more than 50% of their usual pay (Wilson, 2011). Because of this, women face to a hard situation that impossible to have children for working women. This results in Japan’s low birthrate. Unless something is done to make the society that women can work and have children, Japan’s low birthrate will be decreasing more and more.
Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of Japan’s low birthrate would be supplying subsidies more for supporting working women who want to have children. This solution would be implemented by the government of Japan. The focus of this solution would be easy for working women to raise children. The government of Japan have to prepare a lot of money for making a system to support, so the government should collect money from Japanese people as social insurance fee. It is just like the national pension. Collected money is spent on some ways to support. For instance, this money is spent on the cost of living for working women who get maternity leave. This is because they do not get enough money to live and take care of their children. Additionally, the government have to spend money on making kindergartens and encouraging school teachers because if the number of children increase, women would need receiving places for children when they are working. 
	This solution would have two benefits. First, Japanese people get feel that all people have to cooperate raising children like the system of the national pension. This is because they pay social insurance fee for Japanese children, so they take responsibility of raising children. Second, women can raise children while working. They do not have to choose only their job or children. If this solution is made, they could get a new lifestyle that they do not give up working and raising children. 
Conclusion
	Low birthrate is one of the most important problem that Japan cannot afford to ignore. This problem negatively affect Japanese economy and Japanese people’s lifestyle. Moreover, this problem continues to grow. This essay discussed one of the causes of Japan’s low birthrate: the changing role of women. This essay has offered one possible solution. It is that supplying subsidies more for supporting working women who want to have their children. However, this solution has one important limitation. This solution is difficult to collect money as social insurance fee from Japanese people because the number of Japanese people is decreasing now, so if the number of Japanese people is increase slowly, this solution can maintain and encourage increasing Japanese people more. Unless Japanese government does something to solve this problem, Japan’s birthrate will continue to decrease.

















References

Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from http//www.populationstudies.com/evdd34kl 

Swanson, A. (2015). Japan’s birth rate problem is way worse than anyone imagined. Retrieved January 10, 2016, from https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/01/07/japans-birth-rate-problem-is-way-worse-than-anyone-imagined/ 

The World Bank. (2015). Fertility rate, total (births per woman).
Retrieved January 10, 2016, from http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.DYN.TFRT.IN

Wilson, P. (2011). Causes: The changing role of women in Japan. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from online.wsj.com./article/SB125495746062571927.html 

Yew, L. (2012). Warning Bell for Developed Countries: Declining Birth Rates.
Retrieved January 10, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/currentevents/2012/10/16/warning-bell-for-developed-countries-declining-birth-rates/ 

