
The Problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate

Introduction
	Low birthrate can be defined as when a country’s birthrate is decreasing. In Japan, low birthrate is very serious problem and difficult to solve it. However, some people think that low birthrate is not a problem. They said that Japan have a small land and big population. Now, Japan’s population is about 128million, and population density is there are 336 people per square kilometers (Gould, 2013). So, they argue that Japan’s population is already big enough. Additionally, some people said that Japan should try to reduce Japan’s population to protect the environment. 
	However, most people think that Japan’s low birthrate will give negative effects to Japanese society in the future. Low birthrate is not just means that new babies are born. Being born new babies also means replacing the people who die, in the other words old people. So, Japan’s population is getting decreased for low birthrate. This will cause Japanese society’s decline. 
	Japan’s low birthrate has two negative effects. First, Japanese economic power will decrease. Large population is one of the important factors for nations economic power. This is because if the country has large population, there is a lot of people who can available to make products to earn money in the country. This is the same means that small population will make fewer products and money. Second, living conditions will deteriorate because of decreasing the working people in Japan. If the working population decrease, the fewer working people increase the burden to pay high taxes to support a lot of things, for example the pension fund. Much burden of taxes on fewer working people cause that they can’t use money on themselves. This leads to vicious circle on Japanese pension system. 
	Japan’s low birthrate have a lot of negative points. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: the changing role of women in Japan. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem. 
Cause
	One cause of Japan’s low birthrate is the changing role of women in Japan. Once many Japanese people think that when a woman gets married, she must become stay-at-home housewife. The job of stay-at-home housewife includes shopping, cooking, cleaning, handling household finances, caring for elderly family members and raising children. They should do almost things inside the home. It was Japanese common knowledge until quite recently. However, recently more and more women are working outside the home. Although number of reasons results, this essay focus on main two reasons. The first reason is the changing of the Japanese society. The sense of value that women can work outside home and have a career if they want to do is appeared. The second reason is that many women have to work for poor economic situation. Some women have to work out of necessity. Main reason why they should work is that their husbands cannot enough money to support his families. In many cases, a married woman need to work outside the home, she must do both the household work and the outside work. And then, many women choose not to have children. If a woman decides to have children, it is difficult to keep her career on her job. Additionally, it is hard to return the workplace when a woman takes maternity leave. This results Japan’s law birthrate. Although the Japanese government has started to give money to people who have more children since 1900s, the Japanese birthrate has stopped same time (Wilson, 2011). This means this problem have many causes, not only money. It is said that if the Japan’s birthrate don’t change from the current level, Japan’s population will shrink about 80 million in 50 years, and 40 million in 100 years (YOSHIDA, 2015). Unless some actions to increase birthrate in Japan, the decline will continue as a serious problem.

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of Japan’s low birthrate would be to guarantee family’s life after woman has a baby. To do this, the Japanese government should establish the new system to support family that have children. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government. The focus of this solution would be to life after birth. Current Japanese system to support delivery and the life after the childbirth is very weak. Therefore, many couples cannot have a child if they want to have. To solve this, the Japanese government need to make the new system. In fact, many countries tackle the problem of low birthrate and succeed to improve birthrate in the world. For example, Sweden is known as the model case of the country that succeed the improvement of low birthrate. Once Swedish birthrate decreased under two children per one woman in 1980s. It was very serious problem for Sweden. Therefore, the Swedish government revise the social system especially about woman and low-income bracket. One example of Swedish approaches to law birthrate is allowance for children. In Sweden, one child can give 11,000 yen each month until sixteen years old. Additionally, school fees and medical fees are free. After these improvements, Swedish birthrate increases over two children per one woman in 1990s. Although Swedish policy about low birthrate is just one example, the Japanese government also need to revise these social systems like Sweden. 
	This solution would have benefits. First, this solution would make the sense of security to couples, which want to have children. If Japan apply new social systems to support-having children, the people’s burden about having children will decrease especially for woman. Second, this solution would improve the Japanese entire lifestyle. Increasing birthrate leads to growth nation’s productivity. Additionally, people can increase money that they can use many things except education and medicine. This solution is good for Japanese economy. 
Conclusion
	Japan’s low birthrate is a problem that Japanese society face now. This problem give negative effects to Japanese society. If people do not anything to solve this problem, Japan will die. This essay has discussed one main cause of low birthrate in Japan: he changing role of women in Japan. Additionally, this essay has offered one possible solution. This solution is that the Japanese government should establish the new system to support family that have children. However, this solution has one important limitation. The Japanese government will take too much time to carry out. This solution will affect other social systems that except about woman and low-income bracket. To carry out this solution, Japanese government have to do a lot thing. Unless the Japanese government does more to solve this problem, Japan’s low birthrate will continue and difficult to solve. 















References
Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl


Wilson, P. (2012). Causes: The changing role of women in Japan. Retrieved August 17th, 2012, from online.wsj.com/article/SB12549574062571927.html

YOSHIDA, R. (2015). Abe convenes panel to tackle low birthrate, aging population. Retrieved October 29th, 2015, from http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2015/10/29/national/politics-diplomacy/abe-convenes-panel-tackle-low-birthrate-aging-population/#.VpR_lU1MrIU

