The Problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate
Introduction
	Birthrate can be defined as the percentage of childbirth. Japanese birthrate is decreasing. It is bad influence to Japanese society. People will die, but the number of new babies is not match the number of people who die. In Japan, there are about seventy million people in 1945. The population was grown to one hundred twenty-two million by 1985. This shows that there many old people who can not work and need to support in Japan now. Recently, Japanese population is decreasing to one hundred twenty-six million.
	Low birthrate is a particularly serious problem in Japan. Japanese fertility rate was 1.41 in 2012 (Gould, 2013). This number is higher than over ten years, but it is not enough number to keep population. If Japanese birthrate be keeping decreasing, the number of Japanese young people would be decreasing. Japanese young people’s power is very important on Japanese economy. In a country, the number of young people is very small become big problem. In addition, the number of young people are decreasing means that the number of old people are increasing. Old people need some help from another people. This means that young people’s power needs to help ole people. 
	Low birthrate in Japan has two important negative effects. First, Japanese economy will become week. To improve Japanese economy, young people’s power is very important. If Japanese population keep decreasing, the number of Japanese old people would be increasing. This has bad effects to Japanese economy. Second, the number of old people will be increasing. Recently, Japanese medical technology is progress, so old people can live for a long time. Living for a long time is good thing. However, the number of old people is increasing connects to the number of people who get sick is increasing. Old people is easier to get sick than young people. If many people get sick, it should need a lot of hospital. This need much money to be increase the number of hospital.
	Low birthrate, therefore, affects people who live in Japan. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exist. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: gender. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.

Causes
	One cause of low birthrate in Japan is gender issues key to low birthrate. Women who live developed country are working hard, so the time that they get married is late. However, compare Japan with Sweden, Japan’s birthrate is low, Sweden’s birthrate is high. This means that working women does not have a relation to birthrate. Well, what is main causes? One main cause is money problem. To have a baby and to grow up a baby need much money. For example, education or apartment. Japanese salary are depend on people’s age (Fogarty, 2007). This is linked to a problem that it is difficult to have a baby to young couples. Second main cause is it is difficult for women who retire their job when they have a baby to return their job (Fogarty, 2007). Japanese companies are strict to women who have a baby. Therefore, it is difficult for women to retire their job. This means that working and having a baby are incompatible with each other for women. Final main problem is a lack of support for mother. Many young couples live in city (Fogarty, 2007). Therefore, even if young couples have their baby, giving support from their family is difficult. This is linked to low Japanese birthrate. This results in low rates of Japanese birthrate. Unless Japanese society thinks the environment of Japanese women, the birthrate of Japan would not be good. 

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of the problem of the Japan’s low birthrate would be thinking good care for women who have their baby. This solution would be implemented by Japanese government and Japanese society. This focus of this solution would be to give tidy support to women who have their child. Growing children need much money in Japan. The cost apartment is very high. In addition, Japanese education is high quality. Therefore, it need much money to give a food education system to their children. This means that women need working after they have their child. However, Japanese company does not think well about women who have their child. Japanese company should give support to their company’s women. Also, Japanese society should think about women environment. For example, the number of a day-care center is increase (JHI, n.d.). This solution would have benefit. If the number of a day-care center be increase, working women who have their child would not take care of their children during they are working. They can be concentrate their job, and they may leave good result on their job. It is difficult to take support from their family, so Japanese society should support working women who have their child. 

Conclusion
	Low birthrate is a problem that Japan can not afford to ignore. If not this problem resolve, Japanese economy would have big damage in the future. This essay has discussed important cause of Japan’s low birthrate. It is that Japanese support for women is week. To grow up a child need much money, but Japanese support for women is week. This becomes difficult to increase the number of Japanese birthrate. This essay has offend one possible solution. Japanese society should think about women’s environment. The number of a day-care center should be increase. However, this solution has one important limitation. If the number of a day-care center be increase, it need much money to build the center and need many people who work then. It will need the support from Japanese government. Unless people face this problem and act to resolve this problem, Japan’s low birthrate would continue.











References
Fogarty, P (2007). Gender issues key to low birthrate. Retrieved July 12, 2013, from		http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/2/hi/asia-pacific/7096092.stm

GHI (n.d.). DAYCARE AND KIDERGARDEN/PRESCHOOL. Retrieved no date, from 	http://japanhealthinfo.com/child-health-and-childcare/daycare-and-	kindergardenpreschool/

Gould, R (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from		http://www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl
