The problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate
Introduction
	Birthrate can be defined as the percentage of its number of annual birth to the fixation population. One of the most complicated social problem in Japan is low birthrate. First, this paragraph will focus on present situation of low birthrate. This problem has appeared for recent years. In 1945, there were around 70 million people in Japan (Gould, 2013). In addition, the population had about doubled to 122 million (Gould, 2013). Although the number of population has increased, there are a lot of older people. They need to living assist. 
	Low birthrate has been continuing for fifty years. By 1985, population of Japan had about 122 million. In addition, in the 25 years between 1985 and 2010, the rate of Japanese population starting fall down. Japanese population grew by only 6 million to 128 million (Gould, 2013). But the population is back to about 126 million (Gould, 2013). In other words, these people becoming older people who can’t work now. Japanese people who have their job should be help older people. This causes serious economic condition in Japan. 
	Japanese low birthrate has two negative effects on Japanese future. First, Japanese economic has lost much workforce. This is because Japanese workforce decreasing. In fact, 150 million people decrease the bed about 30 % will decrease with 500 million people by 2015 now, and where the young workforce population of less than 30 years old is 30-59 years old (Fujiwara, 2002). In addition, if there are large population, there are much people available to buy products so business will develop inside Japan. This means that lower population makes fewer customers for companies in Japan. Second, Japanese living conditions will fall by reducing working population. If Japanese population keep reducing, Japanese people will have to pay higher tax like the pension fund. Japanese people will be able to receive money from pension fund which they paid in workforce. But if Japanese people continue to reducing, they can’t receive enough money to live after they retire. In this way, low birthrate causes bad economic condition. 
	Low birthrate, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem. 



Cause
One cause of low birthrate in Japan is changing social role of woman. For 25 years, Japanese birthrate does not increased. This is because the amount of woman who start working outside their home is increasing. Generally, woman who married stayed at their home and doing housework during their husband working outside. This housework includes shopping, cooking, cleaning, handling household finance, caring for elderly family members and raising children (Wilson, 2011). Although there was a habit such a staying home, today, the amount of woman who start working outside their home. There are three reasons for this woman’s working situation. First, Japanese society is changing into acceptable for woman who wants to work (Wilson, 2011). This makes better opportunity to choose career what they want. Second, there are poor economic situations in Japan. Some woman have no choice but to work because their husbands cannot make enough money to support the family (Wilson, 2011). In other words, some woman who married must work to earn money to live because their husband can’t earn money enough money to support their family. In addition, working outside their home and raising their children are very hard things for woman who have their career. This makes consciousness which not to have children or they have only one children if they do have children. Third, it is related to second reason. Returning to work after they have children is usually very difficult thing. This is because the traditional view of woman workers in larger companies was that after getting married woman would leave their position permanently (Wilson, 2011). In fact, woman who have children quit their job once, they haven’t never return their position before they quit the job. In addition, most companies not try to offer promotions to woman who take maternity leave. This gives bad effect to woman who wants to keep their high working position. In addition, if woman who have children choose taking maternity leave, they can stop working for 14 years and they can’t receive about 40% of their usual pay (Wilson, 2011). This gives severe economic situation to family cannot afford to support. 
Unless Japanese government try to solve Japanese woman working problems while raising their children, the birthrate in Japan has never increased. 

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of low birthrate in Japan would be to relax the regulations on parental leave. For example, woman who have children can take maternity leave and parental leave for three years at most and woman who have children would be able to get 50% of their usual income. This solution would be carried out by minister of state, named declining birthrate minister. The focus of this solution would be maternity leave. In fact, most woman who have children have difficulty to take maternity leave. This is because maternity leave makes strict situation to raise working level. This solution is able to increase amount of woman who try to have their children. The declining birthrate minister should relax the regulation on parental leave. In addition, woman who have children can get only 40% of their usual income and the average of maternity leave is only one year three month (Sugimoto, 2013). This gives some family which have not enough to support family. If this solution would be able to stop declining Japanese low birthrate. This solution has two benefits. First, this solution can make woman to have more time to raise their children than now. In this term before their children would enter kinder garden or nursery school, woman who have children can’t live with their children until their children would enter kinder garden. This term is very important term for mothers to raise their children from the point of view of making humanity. In this solution, woman who have children can take a parental leave for three years at most so they can concentrate on face and educate their children as long as. Second, this solution makes family to gain more money to raise their children. There are some little poor family caused by parental leave now. If their income in parental leave increases, such a family will decrease little by little. 

Conclusion
 Low birthrate is one of the most complicated social problem in Japan. Japanese low birthrate have two negative effects. Low birthrate causes lack of workforce and Japanese living conditions will fall by reducing working population. This essay has one cause: changing social role of woman. This is a very serious social problem, but this essay has mentioned one possible solution. By Japanese declining birthrate minister make a policy to relax the regulations on parental leave, would be able to environment to easy to raise their children for woman. However, this solution has one important limitation. This is companies’ economic problem. In this solution, company must pay 50% of their usual income for woman who have children but there is no enough good economic condition to pay half of their income for woman. Japanese government should make a policy which have reality. Unless Japanese government make an effective solution, the rate of Japanese low birthrate will not decreased. 





References

Mikiko, F. (2002). Shoushika to nihon Keizai heno eikyou
 [Japanese economic Effect from low birthrate] 
Retrieved November 15, 2002 from http://www.rieti.go.jp/jp/events/bbl/02111501.html

Patrick, W. (2011). Causes: The changing role of woman in Japan 
Retrieved August 17, 2012 from
http://www.wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927,html

Rachel, G. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview Retrieved August 8, 2013 from 
		  http://www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

Ren, S. (2013). ‘Ikukyu sannen, honto ni hituyou?’ 
[Do you think that parental leave is needed?]
Retrieved June 2, 2013 from http://a.excite.co.jp/News/woman_clm/20130602/sum_Gowmagazine_00004224.html
 

