Japan’s low birthrate

Introduction
	Low birthrate can be defined as when having low ratio of number of the birth of the age for the constant population. The birthrate usually points at the number of the birth in the population of 1,000 people area. In addition, birthrate indicates the ratio of child born number of one year, so this based on population as of October 1 every year in Japan. When this birthrate is 2.08, the number of population does not increase and decrease so, the number of population does not change. However, the birth rate of 1967 was 2,23, but the birth rate of 1975 was 1.91, so the drop of the birth rate keeps falling the birth rate now (Haru 2009).
	Japan’s low birthrate is a particularly serious problem in Japan. The origin of this problem goes back over fifty years. In 1945, there were around 70 million people in Japan. This was a very fast rate of growth, but it also means that now Japan has a very large population of old people, who cannot work, to support. In the 25 years between 1985 and 2010, the rate of population growth slowed down a lot. The population grew by 6 million to 128 million. Since that time, the population of Japan has actually started to fall. In 2013 the population is back to about 126 million (Gould, 2013).
	Low birthrate has two important negative effects. First, it is predicted that number of labor force decreases 20 million between reasons about 30 years. Though increasing of yield of taxes is necessary to support increasing of old population, the number of labor force to pay its tax decreases. As work force supply decreases, the wage rises, and economy may become unstable. Young worker carry a central role that take in a new technique. In the intense world economy of the competition, the countries which a young worker lacks become very disadvantageous in competition. Second, if the low birth rate lasts, it becomes difficult to reverse it. Many women want to have a child now. However, if this things that want to have a child suppressed by the society, the number of people who do not have a child increase, so the economic cost of a person having child increase, furthermore the will that have a child more decreases.
	Low birthrate, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay focus on: decrease in number of marriage.

Cause
	The main cause of low birthrate is decrease in number of marriage. In other word, decreasing of number of marriage means that decreasing of women having a child. It was common that most of women married from 20 years old to 30 years old in about 1975. The never-married was around 20%. However, 58.9% of 29-year-old to 25 years old women is not married in 2,010 years (Tukasa, 2012). There are many reasons for a decrease in number of marriage. However, this reasons was problem that not to exist a while ago. First, it is the expansion of the income deference. In other word, it is the increase of the non-regular employees such as part time jobber. The income difference produces people who have uneasiness for future life, even if people want to get married. It is expected that the economy of Japan drops with a decrease in population, so the difference of the income will spread. Second, it is the social advance of the woman. This means that the women who demand the independent lifestyle increased without getting married. As a result, the thinking that not to have to have a partner spread out. In addition, there are tend that the women who working demands a high ideal from a man. Finally, the people who liked single people increased. The thinking that the happiness is getting married and having a child becomes old. For the woman who not married, there was the environment that was hard to live in old days. However, various lifestyles came to be recognized now.

Solution
One possible solution to the problem of low birthrate would be to support the family who had a child. To do this, the government needs the support of the child care system when a woman works and consciousness reform about the child participation of man. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government. The focus of solution would be to prevent a decrease in number of children. Some countries, such as France already succeed in declining birthrate. In France, there is childcare service. This is that a childcare professional and a baby-sitter looking at the child at home are easily available until 3 years old, so if the child becomes older than 3 years old, the child becomes able to enter the public childcare school. Therefore 100% of attendance at school is guaranteed (Yuki, 2013). In this way, it is necessary for Japan government to support the family who had a child economically.
	This solution would have two benefits. This would reduce the economical uneasiness of the family who had a child, the people who wants a child increase. The first benefit is when the number of children increases, so this can reduce a financial burden for the future elderly person society. Furthermore, the relations with the person increase socially when having a child, so this means can cooperate various things with each other.

Conclusion
Low birthrate is a problem that the Japanese cannot afford to ignore. Not only does it decrease the number of child, but it also put a burden on economy. Furthermore, this is a problem that continues to grow. This essay has discussed main cause of low birthrate: decrease in number of marriage. This is complicated problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. By supporting the family who had a child, the Japanese government would reduce the burden on family having a child. However, this solution has one important limitation. It is only partial solution. Many people do not want a child because there is a burden economically, if having a child. This solution would have no effect on these factors. This means that supporting the family who had a child is an important start, but much more needs to be done. Unless the Japanese government does more to solve this problem, the declining birthrate of Japan will advance. 

Inference
Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 08, 2013, from
	 http//www. Populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

Haru. (2009). Cause summary of the birth rate drop. Retrieved January 08, 2016 from
	http://www.umurausu.info/blog/archives/001936.html

Tukasa, S.(2008). The very low birthrate: As a result, Cause, Policy. Retrieved January 	09, 2016, from www.ipss.go.jp/syoushika/bunken/data/pdf/18811204.pdf

Yuki, E. (2013). The example which succeeded for declining birthrate measures in the 	world. Retrieved January 09, 2016, from ebisawayuki.com/少子化対策/フランス	/
