The Problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate

Introduction
	Birthrate can be defined as the population of births to the total population in a place in a given time, usually expressed as a quantity per 1,000 of population. In Japan, population has increased about 50 million while 40 years since 1945 (Gould, 2013). However, the rate of population in Japan was decreasing from 1985 to 2010, and rate of that continue to get fewer gradually now (Gould, 2013).
	Japan’s low birthrate is a particularly serious problem in Japan. According to BBC News (2015), Japan’s population will be 97 million by 2050, and the government says that the number of people who aged 65 or over is expected to reach about 40% in 2060. In other words, the population in Japan is going to lessen nearly 30 million people in 2050, and if birthrate will decrease in the future, the number of people who is elderly are going to increase step by step.
	Japan’s low birthrate has two important negative effects. First, Japanese economy suffer from a smaller population. If there are many people, they are able to make, sell, and export a lot of products to many companies and countries, but people and people. In part, economic power consists of its population size, so population is very important for economy (Gould, 2013). Second, for maker, conditions to live will fall, because they have to pay high tax for their pension fund, will not be able to spend money for themselves. Moreover, in the future, there is a possibility that pension system won7t work in Japan, so people will not be able to get money when they retire (Gould, 2013).
	Therefore, low birthrate affects Japanese economy and our living condition. For this reason it is important to know that why this problem exists. It has a few causes, but this will focus on one: increasing women who work outside their houses. It will also suggests a possible solution to this problem.

Cause
	One cause of Japan’s low birthrate is there are a lot of women who begin to work outside their houses. Since the Equal Employment Opportunity Law was enacted, more and more women has started to work. There are three reasons that why women commence to labor. First, not just men but also women have a choice to have a career or not. Society is changing in Japan (Wilson, 2011). Second, women works, because economic situation is poor in Japan. If husband can’t earn a lot of money, their wife have to make money to support their life too. Lately, that case is increasing (Wilson, 2011). Third, it is difficult for women to find someone or place to take care of children if women want to work having their children. It is also hard for them to look for a day-care center (Wilson, 2011). There are 18,267 children on waiting list in seven prefectures, increasing Saitama, Chiba, Tokyo, Kanagawa, Kyoto, Oosaka, and Hyogo prefecture in 2013, and the percentage of that is about 80.3% (Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, 2013). In other words, more women who have their children are having difficulty because of not many day-care center, and they are not able to have opportunity to work. Because of that, a lot of women don’t try to born their child. This results in low birthrate in Japan. Unless Japanese government should increase more day-care centers, women can’t continue to work having child, and low birthrate will continue. 

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of low birthrate in Japan would be to create environment that women are able to work and feel easy having their child. To do this, Japanese government should build and increase day-care centers for women than before. This solution would be implemented by Japanese government, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare. The focus of this solution would be to give a sense of security and convenience for women who would like to work having their child. If Japanese government, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare would like to establish a lot of day-care center, they have to consider about places where women are able to leave a child with sense of security and feel convenience. One of the good way is Japanese government. The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare should establish day-care centers in the station where is near the house, or inside station. Moreover, one of the best way is Japanese government, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare should institute day-care centers inside the company where women works. According to (Hardships to look for…, 2013), a lot of people have hardships to find day-care center, and they said that day-care center where is near the work-place is good is about 69% in metropolitan area, Japan. This solution would have two benefits. First, if there is a day-care center near or inside the station, women who have child and use train to work-place feel very convenient, because it’s very near the work-place if there is no day-care center in their company. Second, if there is a day-care center inside the company where the women work there, they can get both sense of security and convenience, because they are able to go there if they have any trouble whenever. In addition, they can pick their child up whenever and soon, so women don’t need to worry about child and working.

Conclusion
Japan’s low birthrate is a problem that Japanese government can’t afford to ignore. This essay has discussed to main cause of low birthrate in Japan: a lot of women don’t want to have a child, because they want to work, but there are not many day-care center. This essay has afford one possible solution. By increasing day-care center and establishing them near or inside the station or company, Japanese government can give them sense of security to work having child. However, this solution has one important limitation. If Japanese government establish day-care center, they have to large land including ground to play for children. It is also spent too much money. Unless Japanese government do more to solve this problem, low birthrate in Japan is going to continue.

References

BBC News. (2015). Concern as Japan’s 2014 birthrate falls to record low. Retrieved 
	January 1st, 2015, from http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-30653825 

Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from 
	http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl 

Hardships to look for day-care center at metropolitan area in Japan is 50%, “Ideal place 
	is near the house” is 70%. (2013). Retrieved May 9th, 2013, from 
	http://s.resemom.jp/article/2013/05/09/133091.html 

Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare. (2013). Summary of situation relate to day-care
center. Retrieved December 12th, 2013, from 
http://www.mhlw.go.jp/file/04-Houdouhappyou-11907000-Koyoukintoujidoukateikyoku-Hoikuka/0000022681.pdf

Wilson, P. (2011). Causes: The changing role of women in Japan. Retrieved August 17,
2011, from online.wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927.htmlx 
