The Problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate
Introduction
	The low birth rate means that the number of baby is fewer than people who die. Around fifty years ago, the population increased in Japan. In 1985, about 122 million people lived in Japan. However, in 2013, about two million of population decreased because the number of baby decreased (Gould, 2013). Today, the population continues to decrease.
	The low birth rate is an especially serious problem in Japan. Japan need about 2,07 babies per one family. However, in 2013, The average number of babies were about 1,43 per one family (The Japan Times, 2015). This means japan don’t have enough the number of babies. If this situation continues, Japanese society cannot maintain.
	The low birth rate leads to two negative effects. First, if Japanese birth rate is low, people who live in japan have to pay high taxes. This is because Japan has to pay pension for people who take retirement. If there are more people who get pension than the people who pay pension, Japanese government has to raise taxes. In addition, if the number of baby is few, the cost of insurance will be raised in the future. This is because when the baby grows to adult who pay tax, many old people who need medical care will live in japan. As a result, Japan will need more tax because some insurance are supported by taxes. Second, if Japanese birth rate is low, Japanese economy will be bad. This is because if there are few babies, many companies which sell child goods go bankrupt. If some companies went bankrupt, many people lose their job. 
	The low birth rate, therefore, affects all Japanese. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one; a tendency to marry late. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem. 

Cause
	The main cause of the low birth rate is the late marriage. In other words, a lot of people get marry lately. The tendency of marriage later affects the low birth rate. This is because late marriage leads to infertility. Today, the average age of marriage is higher than 1990. The average age of a man is 30.8, and the average age of a woman is 29.2 in 2012 (The Asahi Shimbun, 2013). This affects a decline in the birth rate. This is because the average age of women related to the birth rate. One obvious reason for the late marriage is the social progress of women. Today, a lot of women work hardly and they get high salary, so many woman think they don’t need to get marry. This is because they can feel comfortable. For example, if women didn’t get marry, they could use the money themselves. In addition, some men are affected by social progress of women. This is because if many women get high salary, some men cannot get marry. They need to get higher salary than women because many women think the man who has high income is good.  Another obvious reason for the late marriage is the spread of internet. This is because people who use internet tend to think that they are not alone. This is because when they feel alone, they can make friends or partner by internet. Thus, they think they don’t need to marriage. Unless Japanese stop late marriage, the problem of the low birth rate will continue.

Solution
The main solution to the problem of the low birth rate would be to support a sterile treatment. This is because when many people get marry later, there are a lot of people who cannot have children. Today, 1 out of 6 couples cannot have a baby because they have a constitution that it is difficult to get pregnant (Ito, 2015). In other words, many couples are worried about infertility in Japan. However, if they received the treatment for infertility, they would be able to have a baby. To do this, Japanese government need to support the cost of sterile treatment. This solution would be implemented by Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI), which deals with the problem of decreasing population. The focus of this solution would be to support people who need to sterile treatment. Firstly, METI need to give money for people who receive a sterile treatment. If METI gave money for them, they can receive the treatment easily. This is because Japanese sterile treatment is very expensive. 
This solution would have two benefits. One benefit of this solution is to improve low birth rate. Japanese skill of a sterile treatment is higher than other countries, so people who are infertility can improve the problem of infertility if they received a treatment for infertility. However, today, the treatment of infertility needs high money because the treatment cannot be used insurance. In addition, Japanese government doesn’t support the cost of the treatment. Thus, it leads to increasing birth rate to support the cost which receives a sterile treatment. 
Another benefit of this solution is to help infertile couples. This is because the couples can think they are not alone when they are supported by Japanese government. In addition, they can decrease the burden of a sterile treatment. 

Conclusion
The low birth rate is a serious problem that Japanese cannot afford to ignore. All people who live in japan would have a problem, for example, high taxes. This essay has discussed one cause of the low birth rate. The cause is late marriage. This is a complicated problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. The solution is to support people who are infertility. However, this solution has one important limitation. The limitation is that people who receive the treatment of infertility feel pressure. If Japanese government supports them, they would think they have to have a baby. In other words, they would think having a baby is a duty if Japanese government supported them. Unless the Japanese government solves this problem, this problem will be continued.


References
Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 8th , 2013, from 	http://www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl 
Ito, M. (2015). The true cost of fertility treatment in Japan. Retrieved January 10, 2015	 from http://www.japantimes.co.jp/life/2015/06/20/lifestyle/true-cost-fertility-treatment-japan/#.VpKHgl9KOnM 
The Asahi Shimbun. (2013). White paper shows Japanese delaying marriage, having children.Retrieved January 10, 2015 from http://ajw.asahi.com/article/behind_news/social_affairs/AJ201306260063 
The Japan Times. (2015). Battling the low birthrate. Retrieved January 10, 2015 from		 http://www.japantimes.co.jp/opinion/2015/04/07/editorials/battling-the-low-birthrate/#.VoFGK19KOnM 
