Low birthrate in Japan
Introduction
Low birthrate can be defined as the number of births every year is low. It can have a negative effect on Japanese society and Japan’s future. In 2014, fertility rate in Japan was 1.42 (The Japan Times, 2015). However, every women needs to have an average of just over two child in her lifetime. So, Japanese government wants to average the fertility rate of 2.01 (Gould, 2013). So, the Japanese government recommend childbirth at a young age (The Japan Times, 2015).
	The average age of death in Japan is now 83 years old. Japanese people are longevity. So, Japan’s population is increasing. However, ageing society now. Also, it leads to the low birthrate. Ageing society and low birthrate are big serious problem in Japan, and Japanese government can’t easy to solve this problem. 
	Low birthrate has many negative effect. First, it has a big influence on the Japanese society. If continue to shrink, Japan’s economy will suffer. Part of Japan’s economic power comes from its population size. Second, it has a big influence on the Japan’s future. It is even possible that Japan’s pension system will not survive, any money in the future (Gould, 2013).
	Low birthrate in Japan, therefore, affects all Japanese people. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay focus on two: women’s social progress and lack of support. It will be also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause
Main cause of the low birthrate in Japan is women’s social progress. In recent years, women are working hard in a company. There are two reasons of women’s social progress. One reason is Japanese society is changing. The present society is a gender equality. Thus, women are easy to work. Another reason is the poor economic situation. Some husbands cannot make enough money to support their family. Thus, some wives must work. Because of this two reason, many women are work outside the home. And, they choose not to have child. During the child –care leave, 40% of salaries are paid (Wilson, 2011). Some women may feel there is few it. And they decide not to have a child. In addition, if women quit a job once, they can’t return their career. In other words, women want to return to work after child-care, but this can be very difficult. And, they will never receive promotion. Also, a lack of the Japanese government’s supports. Now, most young couples in Japan do not have enough money to have children. It costs a lot of money to raise children it has big responsibility for young couples. So, they need money support by government. While people are young, there are few incomes. Child allowances are low, but education costs are high. Thus, they don’t have confidence to raise a child and they simply cannot afford to have children. Many women wants to work and have children. However, it is almost impossible. Mostly they most choose either. In the countryside, families live will three or four generations. It can more support and help child-care and with housework. Thanks for this system birthrates are still very high in the countryside. However, only 14% of the people live in the countryside (Fogarty, 2007). It’s good system, but most young couples live in small city apartment. So, they do not receive support from their family. This results in low birthrate in Japan. Unless, Japanese government change the employment form and support system, the low birthrate continue to be serious problem in Japan.
Solution
One possible solution to be the problem of the low birthrate in Japan would be to support money by the Japanese government. This solution would be implemented by the Japanese government. The focus of this solution would be to a lack of support. It costs money to bring up a child, so some young couples hesitates about having a child. Low birthrate is serious problem in Japan’s future and society. Therefore, the Japanese government should solve this problem carefully. First, the Japanese government should give money to parents who has a child. Also, if woman who works take the child-care leave, her company should pay 100% of salaries. So, the Japanese government also gives money to the company. Second, if parents has many children, they can get a lot money. Now, there is child allowances in Japan, but its amount of money is low. Therefore the Japanese government raise an amount of money.
This solution would have 2 benefits. One benefit is women can easily take the child-care leave. Even if women take child-care leave, they may be easy to return to work. Another benefit is the Japanese government can remove the uneasiness of young couples. Because young couples worries about educational expenses.
Conclusion
The low birthrate in Japan is serious problem in Japanese society. This essay has discusses one main cause of the low birthrate of Japan: women’s social progress. This is a complex problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. The Japanese government should great support to parents. However, this solution has one important limitation. It costs huge money. On this solution, the Japanese government should give a lot of money to parents and companies. The Japanese government cannot give money so much. Unless, the Japanese government does more to solve this problem, the low birthrate in Japan will continue to increase.

Reference
Fogarty, P. (2007) Gender issues key to low birthrate. Retrieved July 12, 2013, from http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/2/hi/asia-pacific/7096092.stm

Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate. Retrieved August 8, 2013, from http://www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl 

The Japan Times. (2015). Fertility rate dips again. Retrieved June 21, 2015, from http://www.japantimes.co.jp/opinion/2015/06/21/editorials/fertility-rate-dips/

The Japan Times. (2015). Battling the low birthrate. Retrieved April 7, 2015, from  http://www.japantimes.co.jp/opinion/2015/04/07/editorials/battling-the-low-birthrate/#.VpSLZ_mLTIU

Wilson, P. (2011) The changing role of women in Japan. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from online.wsj.com/article/ SB125495746062571927.html
