Test Essay
Introduction
	In Japan, a lot of people working long time in their life. People think the most important thing is work, so Japanese birthrate is decreasing. This problem is a complicated. Japanese population incline older. According to Rachel, in 1985, the population had 122 million. This is very fast rate of growth, but now Japan has a large population of old people (Gould, 2013). Older people can’t work hard, so Japanese economy is bad, and they are not received pension if young people decrease. 
The low birthrate make a serious problem. In fact, Japanese population is 128 million. It is big enough number, however low birthrate give a lot of negative effects in the future (Gould, 2013). If young people in Japan only working, don’t increase new population, so there are not continue good economy in the future.   
Now in Japan, young people must work hard for the country’s economy. Japanese economy is keep now, because young people work almost day. However, they don’t think important marriage and make their children. There are crisis in the future. Japan must think about the future. If don’t think, other developing country overtake the Japanese economy in the future. In other words, there are fall down Japanese position in the world. 
People who live in Japan think low birthrate more. This problem become serious now. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on two: a lot of people late marriage and don’t marriage and people don’t have enough money to raise the children. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause
There are a lot of causes about Japan’s low birthrate. First, one cause of Japan’s low birthrate is people don’t marriage and late marriage. Recently, young people think work is best not only man but also women. This point is very serious. The old Japanese image is woman have to do house work and tend to the children. However, many woman want to work long times. It is very difficult to be compatible with work and raise their children, because this is hard for woman mental and physical fitness. Japanese social system changing is serious causes. It is now much more acceptable for woman in Japan to choose to have a career if they want one (Wilson, 2011). This means give a lot of chance for woman to be active in social. Also, one reason for poor money. The family can’t live only husband income, so woman have to work, can’t choice. In Japan, there are maternity leave in company. However, this system is not good for woman. Companies will often not offer promotions to woman who take maternity (Wilson, 2011). So woman can’t keep their position in this time, woman think their career is the most important. Japanese maternity leave could be very bad for their career. Also, this term’s woman’s salary is cut of 60%. It is difficult for woman to rest the work in this system. Second, young people don’t have money to raise their children. Japanese young people don’t get enough salary to raise their children. However, Japanese government don’t support for mothers. The cost of educating a child from kindergarten through to university costs around 15 million yen (Fogarty, 2007). Japanese education is very high quality, but cost is high too. The present Japanese education system makes young people suffer. Also, a lot of wife have to rest the work, called maternity leave. Many companies won’t keep jobs open for woman. In the first place, many companies don’t remand a lot of employee. This problem is very serious about low birthrate. This narrows the way of the Japanese young people. In other words, young people can’t make children easy, because they can’t afford to think about other people except own even if other people are their children. They have only money as they can survive only own. For example, a one bedroom apartment in the city in Japan costs an average of 90,000 yen (Fogarty, 2007). As a result, Japanese young people can’t have hope which marry and make their children. If Japanese government can’t change this situation, Japanese birthrate doesn’t improve in the future. Now, because of cause of money, young people mental turning on bad direction. It becomes the problem of the country scale. 
Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of the low birthrate in Japan would be to help from the government and make chance to help married life. A lot of Japanese young people suffer about money to make their children and marry, so the government should give money a lot. This solution would be implemented by save Japanese young people family life. Also, woman can’t continue their work long if they make their children. The government has to change the actual state. For example, give the funding and change the office rule which bad the maternity leave. However, Japanese government has their plan to help Japanese young people now. The Japanese government plans to pay families 24,000 yen per month for each child they have (Wilson, 2011). But, there are not enough for Japanese young people this plan. The focus of this solution would be to Japanese young people. If they have the government’s fund, their mind changing good direction. 
This solution would have two benefits. First, this solution can be changed Japanese young people mind good direction. All people think own life first. If they have plus money, they can use this money they don’t mind it. This problem’s the biggest cause is their mind is bad, so the government has to change it. If their mind changing, there are increase the Japanese birthrate. It is very important for Japanese young people to decrease trouble for the money to make their children. Second, there is good chance to woman position. Now, woman can’t have maternity leave easy, because bad for contents, so the government should change rule for all company. If woman can have maternity leave easy, a lot of woman use this plan. In Japan now, woman want to work for long term in their life. This opinion can’t be changed the government, so the governments have to change it. For example, increase the salary during term which woman can’t work and defend woman position which they come back to company. A lot of Japanese woman have bad image these two points. So, government changes these points, Japanese birthrate increase in the future.
Conclusion
	In Japan, a lot of people want to work long term in their life, so they don’t hope making their children. Now, there are decrease the Japanese birthrate. There are continue this situation, Japanese economy decrease in the future. This problem is complicated. This essay has discussed two main causes of Japanese low birthrate: a lot of people late marriage and don’t marriage and people don’t have enough money to raise the children. This problem is very serious, because Japanese young people don’t have mind which they want to marriage. However, this essay has good solution. The government helps young people to marriage. For example, give the fund. Japanese young people remand this help. However, this solution has one important limitation. This is keep the equally. It is very difficult to give the fund to all young people. There are need some plan for the future. Japanese low birthrate problem is very serious now, so the government has to effort changing Japanese young people’s mind for the birthrate. 











Reference
Fogarty, P (2007). Gender issues key to low birthrate. Retrieved July 12, 2013, from http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/2/hi/asia-pacific/709692.stm

Gould, R (2013). Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from http://www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl 

Wilson, P (2011). Cause: The changing role of women in Japan. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from
 online.wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927.html  
	
