The Problem of Japan’s Low Birthrate
Introduction
	Japan’s low birthrate can be defined as there are not babies being born to replace the people who die (Gould, 2013). The number of children is decreasing, but the number of Japanese people doesn’t change greatly because there are a lot of old people. Japan is an aging society with fewer children. Japan’s total fertility rate-the average number of children that a woman is estimated to give birth to in her lifetime is small. Compared with other countries, Japan is smaller than China and America. In 2005, Japan’s fertility rate is 1.26. Japan needs 2.07 to maintain the population (The Japan times, 2015). As a result, Japan’s population becomes smaller. 
	Japan’s low birthrate is a serious problem. The number of children decreases now. In the course of time, they grow up. When they become adults, they must have a lot of burdens. For example, the number of workers will decrease in the future, so Japan will decline the economic growth rate. Also, it is difficult to maintain social security system, for example, pension (Nippon.com, 2014). As a result, national standard of living would decline. Because of low birthrate, people decrease and the towns might not be able to exist.
	Japan’s low birthrate has three negative effects. First, Japan declines the economic growth rate. Reducing the number of workers is bad influence for Japan. Japanese economic scale becomes smaller, so Gross Domestic Product (GDP) might shrink in the future. Second, the population of many towns would decrease. The estimate shows that Japan’s population in 2040 will stand at 107.27 million. The population in 2010 is 128.057 (The Japan times, 2013). About 20 million will decline in 2040. If the number of people decrease at the same pace, it is thought about being less than 100 million in late years. Finally, the burdens on young people grow big. Japanese life expectancy is higher than any countries. This number is 83 years old (Gould, 2013). So young people have to support old people. To do this, young people have to pay high taxes because there is little number of young people. As a result, young people have a lot of burdens, and they will have trouble in daily life.
	Japan’s low birthrate, therefore, affects Japan’s future. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: the changing role of women in Japan. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause
	One cause of Japan’s low birthrate is the changing role of women in Japan. Compared with the past, women’s position get higher in society. Women’s traditional work is housework, for example, shopping, cooking, and cleaning (Wilson, 2011). However, women’s work becomes outside the home now, so they have no time to bring up children. This is because Japanese society is changing (Wilson, 2011). A lot of companies tend to employ women compared with the past. The reason why companies employ women is the poor economy situation in Japan (Wilson, 2011). There are a lot of families that are both their parents work because they cannot live only by the income of their husbands. Also, young couples have much money, so they have to work both husbands and wives. As a result, the number of people who choose not to have children increases. In addition, it is difficult for women to get maternity leave. If women get maternity leave, companies have burdens, so companies would not offer promotions. Women cannot get much money if they use maternity leave. Women only receive about 40% of their usual pay, so this damage becomes big to their life (Wilson, 2011). What is more, there are a lot of child on the waiting list for daycare, so it is difficult to leave their children at childcare center. This problem leads to reduction of Japan’s population.

Solution
	One possible solution to the problem of Japan’s low birthrate would be to increase children allowance. This solution would be implemented by the Cabinet Office. The focus of this solution would be to increase the number of children in Japan. The current Japanese childcare allowance is rough, so it is important to classify children allowance in detail. For example, Japanese government pays children allowance every turning point, for example, conception and the first term of elementary school. Also, it is important to give family allowance. Japanese government should give money per one child. If people have more than three children, Japanese government should give more money.
	This solution would have three benefits. First, it is easy for young couples to have children. It costs a lot of money to bring up children. However, if this solution is implemented, people can be afford to bring up their children. Second, Japan can increase the number of children. This is the main purpose for this problem. By increasing the number of children, a lot of problems will be solved. Finally, Japanese economic will grow. Japan needs a lot of children to maintain population because it is important to prevent economic deterioration. By increasing the number of people, Japan will success economic growth.


Conclusion
	Japan’s low birthrate is a problem that Japan cannot afford to ignore. By increasing the number of children, not only Japan can success economic growth, but also young people can reduce burdens of social security. This essay has discussed a main cause of Japan’s low birthrate: the changing role of women in Japan. This is a complicated problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. By increasing children allowance, it is easy for young couples to have children. However, this solution has one important limitation. Japan has a lot of money to implement this solution. It is necessary for Japan to get money from people, for example, taxes and pension, so people’s life will be trouble, but there are a lot of benefits. Unless Japan’s government does more to solve this problem, Japan’s low birthrate will continue to increase.







References
Gould, R. (2013) Japan’s low birthrate: An overview. Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from http://www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

Nippon.com (2014) Fighting Population Decline. Retrieved August 26, 2014, from 
http://www.nippon.com/en/features/h00057/

The Japan Times (2015) Fertility rate dips again Retrieved June 21, 2015, from
        http://www.japantimes.co.jp/opinion/2015/06/21/editorials/fertility-rate-dips/#.Vo5673lukRZ

The Japan Times (2013) Japan’s depopulation time bomb Retrieved April 17, 2013, from http://www.japantimes.co.jp/opinion/2013/04/17/editorials/japans-depopulation-time-bomb/#.Vo5-mHlukRZ

Wilson, P, (2011) The changing role of women in Japan Retrieved August 17, 2012 from online.wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927.html



