
Low birthrate in Japan
Introduction
	Low birthrate in Japan is that the number of births every year for every 1000 people in the population of a place decreases. The birthrate in Japan is the second lowest in the developed world. Population of Japan had increased since 1868 of the Meiji period. However, the birthrate has been decreasing from 1980s. Because of that the population in Japan became to shrink (Gould, 2013). 
The number of population in Japan is decreasing rapidly and the number of deaths is higher than the number of births in 2015. Birthrate in Japan is 1.4 children per women. This birthrate is very low in the developed countries (Fogarty, 2007). As a result, many Japanese schools have been closed down in a lot of areas and towns become unlively because there are few people there. This is a serious issue in Japan. The aging has been advanced every year, however declining birthrate has been advancing at the same time (BBC News, 2015). Unless the issue is stopped or solved, Japan will be not able to stand as a country in the future. 
Low birthrate has some negative effects. First, it will be difficult to keep the Japanese culture and traditional events. Low birthrate causes to decrease a supporting of local actions. If low birthrate advances, the successors of tradition and culture would disappear. Second, a scale of the Japanese economy would be reduced. If population decreases, the consumers decreases, too. In addition, the consumption market is reduced if consumers decrease. It results that the scale of industry and education related to children would decrease and be reduced. Low birthrate has negative effects to the Japanese culture, tradition but also economy.
Low birthrate has various influences on Japan. It is not other people`s affairs. It is our problem. All the Japanese people should understand why this problem should be solved. It has a number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: the lack of enough money to have children. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem. 
Cause
	The cause of low birthrate in Japan is the lack of enough money to have children. In other words, most Japanese couples do not enough money to raise a child. A large number of Japanese couples and a lot of women cannot get enough salary for their life. They are employed in low income and vicious work environment (Wilson, 2011). They simply need money to have children. There are few child care allowances, however house costs and the educational expenses are very high. The educational expenses of a child from a kindergarten to the university is about 15 million in Japan (Fogarty, 2007). The cost of education in Japan is the most expensive in the world. Because of this, compared to the other developed countries Japanese students do not go to university. Japanese low salary and high educational cost cause that Japanese couples are not going to give a birth. For all reasons, Japanese low birthrate in not solved for last 35 years. Unless, something is done to solve the problem, Japanese population would continue to decrease and Japanese society would be more complicated in the future. 
Solution
	A possible solution to the problem of the lack of enough money to have a child would be to increase the allowance for childcare. This solution would be implemented by the government and the Ministry of Education. The focus of this solution is that the government should increase the childcare allowances to each of children in a family. In addition, the Ministry of Education should reduce the tuition of high school and the university. Furthermore, the system of scholarship should be easier to borrow. More couples will become easy to have children, if the childcare allowance increases. If the number of children increases, the population increases, too. As a result, the economy will be more activated. If a tuition of high school and the university reduces, more children become able to go to school to study. It will result the development of Japanese society for the future. If many students can study, they will be able to play an active part for Japan. If childcare allowance increases and the tuition of high school and the university decreases, more Japanese couples would try to have a child and the number of population increase. 
Conclusion
	Low birthrate in Japan is a serious problem. The low birthrate has advanced every year. In addition, it is related to the Japanese society such as culture, tradition and the economy. This essay has a main cause of low birthrate: lack of enough money to have a child. This is a complicated problem, but this essay has offered one possible solution. If the child allowance increases and the tuition of high school and the university decreases, more couples will be able to have a child. However, this solution has an important limitation. It is the money. To solve the problem, it will cost so much money for children and education. The way of budget of Japan will change. The plan of that should be advanced premeditatedly and it is necessary to make up for the money for childcare allowance somewhere else. Increasing and giving allowance for childcare is so important start for the low birthrate in Japan. Unless the Japanese government start to plan, low birthrate in Japan would not stop and population would continue to decrease, too. Finally, Japan will not be able to stand as a country.
Reference

BBC News. (2015). Concern as Japan`s 2014birthrate falls to record low. Retrieved 	January 1st, 2015, from http:www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-30653825

Fogarty, P. (2007). Gender issues key to low birthrate. Retrieved July 12, 2013, from 	http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/2/hi/asia-pacific/7096092.stm

Gould, R. (2013). Japan`s low birthrate: An over view. Retrieved August 8th, 2013, 	from http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

Wilson, P. (2011). Causes: The changing role of women in Japan Retrieved August 17, 	2012, from online.wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927.html




