Japan’s low birthrate
Introduction
	Low birthrate in Japan means the small number of babies in Japan. Japan is a small country with a large population. Low birthrate in Japan is a tough problem. First, some people do not grasp Japan’s low birthrate as a serious problem because some people believe that Japan’s population is enough. They say that people need electricity to live their lives, food to eat, and places. Then all of these things can bad influences to the environment (Gould, 2013). 
	The population projection of the National Institute of Population and Social Security Research, based on surveys including the census the government conducts every five years, found that the overall Japanese population peaked in 2010, at 128 million, and has been decreasing ever since (Nippon.com, 2014). According to the institute’s projections, by 2040 the population will be 107.2 million—more than 20 million lower than the current level. Calculations by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport, and Tourism predict an even bigger decrease, estimating that the population will have slipped below the 100 million mark by 2050, to 97 million (Nippon.com, 2014). This state is nothing but a projection. However, the fact that arising such a serious projection is a serious problem.
	Japan’s low birthrate has two negative effects on Japan. The low birthrate means that there are not enough babies being born to replace the people who died (Gould, 2013). This means that Japan’s population will be increasingly smaller. If the population continue to shrink, Japanese economy will suffer. If the population was large, it means that there are many people who can work, and there are many people who consume Japanese products then economy will function actively. On the other hand, with a small population, the number of workers and consumers are less, so Japan produce less products, and less consume. In the future, the number of people who cannot work will increase, but the number of people who can work will not increase. This means that the tax burden per worker will more and more large.
	Low birthrate, therefore, affects Japanese society. For this reason it is important to understand why this problem exists. It has a number of cause, but this essay will focus on one: the changing role of women in Japan. It will also suggest a possible solution to this problem.
Cause
One cause of Japan’s low birthrate is the changing role of women in Japan. One of the most important reasons for the falling birthrate in Japan is that more and more women are starting to work outside the home (Wilson, 2011). If once a women got married, she has to work in home in Japan’s tradition. For example, cooking, shopping, and cleaning. Nowadays however, more and more women want to work outside the home. There are two reasons for this. The first is that much more acceptable for women in Japan to choose to have a career if they want one (Wilson, 2011). The second reason is the poor economic situation in Japan. Some women have no choice but to work because their husband cannot make enough money to support the family (Wilson, 2011). Women can return to work after they have baby, but it is very difficult for them. The traditional view of women workers in large companies was that after getting married women would leave their position. They can use the system; maternity leave, but it is bad for their career. During maternity leave, they only receive about 40% of their usual pay (Wilson, 2011). For this reason, recently women give up to get married and have baby for their career.
Solution
One possible solution to the problem of the changing role of women in Japan is improving maternity leave system. Maternity leave system means that salary during maternity leave, who can use maternity leave, and term of maternity leave. This solution would be implemented by large companies. The focus of this solution would be to changing role of women. Large companies to improve maternity leave system. For instance, rising a salary during maternity leave; 60% of usual pay. To make a term of maternity leave longer, and insuring a career and position after return. In addition, not only women take a maternity leave, but also men have to take a maternity leave positively. In Germany, because of strengthen of income insurance, being actualized demand of maternity leave, changing an idea commonly accepted in society, and establishment of receiving system, both women and men can use maternity leave easily (Suyan, 2015). 
	This solution would have two benefits. Result of changing maternity leave system, women and men would be able to use maternity leave positively. This means that mother and father would afford to take care their child, so they would willing to have baby. Finally, in the long view, this solution will good for companies because improving maternity leave system leads to good image to companies. Because of this, the company can get more benefits, and good motivation of workers. 
Conclusion
Japan’s low birthrate is a problem that Japan cannot ignore. Suffer not only national economy, but also personal economy. This essay has discussed one main cause of Japan’s low birthrate: changing role of women. By improving maternity leave system, people would be able to afford to have children, and companies would be able to make more benefits. However this solution has one limitation. If half of worker in a company use maternity leave at the same time, company will not function. For this reason, company fear to improve maternity leave system. Unless the Japanese government or large companies do more effort to solve this problem, low birthrate will continue to increase.














References

Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate. Retrieved January 12, 2016 from http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

Nippon.com. (2014). Can Japan boosts its low birthrate? Retrieved January 12, 2016 from http://www.nippon.com/en/features/h00089/

Suyan. (n.d.). Hatena Blog: Dtsu Ikuboku Koushinkoku. Retrieved January 12, 2016 from http://ikuboku.hatenablog.jp/entry/2015/03/05/155112

Wilson, P. (2011). The changing role of women. Retrieved January 12, 2016 from online.wsj.com/article/SB125495746062571927.html
