Japan’s low birthrate
Introduction
    Low birthrate can be defined as there are not enough babies be born to replace the people who died (Gould, 2013). Some people says that Japan has too enough population to live for keeping good environment. Japan has about 128 million people and there are 336 people per square kilometer, which is higher than India (Gould, 2013). This means that Japan is a small country, so we can easy to make bad effect for the environment, for example, place, food, and electricity. 
However, low birthrate is a particularly serious problem in Japan. This problem has begun since fifty years ago. Japan has around 70 million people in 1945, but that have increased 122 million in 1985 (Gould, 2013). In other words, during 40 years, the population had increased nearly 2 times and this growth is very fast. On the other hand, in the 25 years between 1985 and 2010, the population have increased only 6 million and that is back to about 126 million in 2013 (Gould, 2013). This means that the population growth of Japan actually stooped and have decreasing several years ago. This will have serious consequences for the Japanese society. 
Japan’s low birth rate has two important negative effects. First, if the problem of Japan’s low birthrate continue, that will give bad influence for Japan’s economy. And it also means that Japan will have less power to produce. These bad effects can be very damaging to Japanese people and society. Second, if the problem of Japan’s low birthrate continue, the working population will suffer. If working age will decreasing, those age will must pay higher taxes than the present people. That makes them to live difficulty. In other words, low birthrate are often both economy and society badly. 
Therefore, Japan’s low birthrate bring bad effects for Japanese people and society. For this reason it is necessary to understand why this problem exists. It has number of causes, but this essay will focus on one: gender issues. It will also suggest solution to this problem. 

Cause
The cause of Japan’s low birthrate is gender issues. In other words, the difference in treating men and women leads to low birthrate. A lot of money are need to raise children, for example, food, housing, and education cost. Especially, Japan is some of the most expensive education in the world and the cost to take a child to kindergarten through to university is around 15 million yen (Fogarty, 2007). This means that if couples aren’t work in double harness, they would difficult to raise children. However, women are not easy to work when they have children, because some companies don’t keep jobs for them. In addition, if those women return to work, they would difficult to keep balance between raising children and working. They begin to work again, child care becomes negligent. According to (Ministry of Public Management, 2002), 40% of women who retired finds a job again within four years after resignation. This percentage may not be bad. However, in other words, 60 % of these women couldn’t find a job again even if four years pass. Therefore, if there were a kindness system for women could get back to work, more women feel secure to make children. Unless something is done to decrease the problem of Japan’s low birthrate, this problem will continue to be a big social problem in Japan.

Solution

One possible solution to the problem of Japan’s low birthrate would to be decrease is strengthening employment assistance. This means that, those women who want to have a child and who wish to find a job again can work comfortably by make a good system. This solution would be implemented by the Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare, which regulates working system in Japan. The focus of this solution would be to increase the Japan’s birthrate by strength the employ system for women. There are women who warries about their job after they have a child. So, Japanese government should make a new system, for example, duty to establish the nursery to all companies. Furthermore, the nursery enable to accept children for 24 hours. As a result, women can work hard at ease and they need not to give up their job. Then, government should make a kindness system for those women who returning to after giving birth. For example, shortening working time considered women have to raising children and housing. But, they employed these women not a part time job, as a regular staff. In addition, there are a lot of women worries about the blank they take a rest. So, government should arrange the internship and let them recover their ability.  
This solution would have two benefits. First, women need not retire their job when they have children and they have the nursery take charge of children and they can work all day. These systems would help women to take balance between raising children and working. Second, women can get back their job and play an active part as a social member again supported by new a system. This is good for both women and society. If government make such a kindness systems, women would work comfortably and raising their children happily. Therefore, this leads to decrease the problem of Japan’s low birthrate.  
Conclusion

    Japan’s low birthrate is a problem that Japan can’t afford to ignore. Low birthrate brings bad effect for not only Japanese economy, but also working population. This essay has discussed one main cause of Japan’s low birthrate: gender issues. This is a complicated problems, but this essay has suggest one possible solution. Strengthening employment assistance. However, this solution has one important limitation, because this focus for the employment of women, so this can’t solve problem between husband and wife, and women and family. Therefore, strengthening employment assistance is an important start, but much more needs to be done. Unless the Japanese government does more to solve this problem, Japan’s low birthrate will be continue to seriously.







References

Ministry of Public Management, (2002). Reemployment of the women. Retrieved December 26, 2015, from http://www5.cao.go.jp/seikatsu/whitepaper/h18/10_pdf/01_honpen/pdf/06ksha0203.pdf#search=%27%E5%A5%B3%E6%80%A7+%E5%86%8D%E5%B0%B1%E8%81%B7%27  

Fogarty, P. (2007). Gender issues key to low birthrate. Retrieved July 12, 2013, from http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/2/hi/asia-pasific/2096092.stm

Gould, R. (2013). Japan’s low birthrate. Retrieved August 8th, 2013, from http//www.populationstudies.com/evtdd34kl

